Desperate Housewives 
3X16: My Husband, The Pig
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Mary Alice Voiceover:Previously on Desperate housewives...
Mary Alice Voiceover:Mike's plan to propose to Susan... 
Ian:These things don't belong to Jane.
Nurse:"Mike Delfino."
Mary Alice Voiceover:...was a surprise to Ian. 
Mary Alice Voiceover:Monique was murdered...
Gloria:There's been an accident. 
Mary Alice Voiceover:And Orson...
Orson:Don't forget your wrench. 
Mary Alice Voiceover:...passed the blame. 
Mary Alice Voiceover:A connection was made. 
Edie:Ahem!
Mary Alice Voiceover:A heart was broken, and Bree buried her husband Rex. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rex Voiceover:My name is Rex Van De Kamp. I always hated cemeteries when I was alive. Now that I'm dead, I like 'em even less. Here's where I used to live...a whole lot nicer, don't you think? The place hasn't changed much since I left...as tasteful and tidy as ever. Everything perfect...at least on the surface. My family was the same way. Look at us. You'd never guess how ticked off we all were the day this was taken, but that was the thing about us Van De Kamps. To really fit in, you had to have a smile that gave away nothing. Like my son Andrew...to look at him, you'd never know he spent six months on the streets supporting himself with panhandling and light prostitution. Or my daughter Danielle...does she look like the kind of girl who'd seduce her middle-aged history teacher? I mean, they're my kids, and I love 'em, but I'm pretty darn relieved to be dead. Here's the clown Bree replaced me with...Orson. I don't mind saying, he's creeped me out right from the get-go. To me, he always has the shifty look of a guy who knows where the bodies are buried...and he should know. He buried them. But Bree thinks he's Sir Galahad. The kids like him. And all my friends...now, his friends. So it pleases me to know that at least one of my old neighbors sees right through the guy.
(Orson puts Bree in a cab and watches as it drives off. Mike walks up to him.)
Orson:Mike,you,uh,you just missed Bree.She's off to see her folks, and then we're finally taking our honeymoon.
Mike:Yeah, not a bad time for you to leave town, is it?
Orson:Well, I don't follow you.
Mike:I just keep thinking about that night at Monique's place... how you made sure I left with my wrench, the one with her blood on it.
Orson:Well, it was your wrench. Why are you rehashing this? My ex-wife confessed in her suicide note. The case is closed.
Mike:Maybe it shouldn't be. What do you think the police would say if they knew you were there that night?
Orson:What do you think they'd say if they knew you threw me off a roof? Oh, Mike. We could make so much trouble for each other, or we can forget what we think we know and be good neighbors. Your call.
(He holds out his hand for Mike to shake it. After a hesitation, Mike shakes Orson's hand.)
Rex Voiceover:No, Orson Hodge isn't exactly the guy I'd have picked to head my family, but I'll give him one thing...he's got the smile down cold.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Opening Credits
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rex Voiceover:Take a drive down any street in suburbia. Know what you're gonna see? Desperate women. That's right...one unhappy housewife after another, each completely miserable...in her own unique way. But I don't want to talk about them. No, I want to talk about their men and what happens to a guy when that special lady in his life starts to lose it. Like my friend Carlos. He used to have it all...hot wife, tons of dough, then bam! She gets a divorce, and he gets stuck with the bill. But does he sit around and complain like your average hausfrau? No, Sir. He finds creative ways to get what you can out of life.
[Mike's house]
(Carlos is looking at a singles ad on his laptop. Mike comes down the stairs and Carlos closes the laptop.)
Carlos:Hey, bro! Where you off to?
Mike:Oh, the hospital called. They found the stuff I had on me the night of the accident.
Carlos:Wow. Coma, murder rap...you've had a tough year, buddy. You know what you need? Some pampering. Tomorrow you're checking in to a nice hotel. Room service, jacuzzi, my treat.
Mike:You trying to get me out of the house?
Carlos:Mike, why would I...okay, there's this girl.
Mike:I knew it.
Carlos:Dude, she's a dancer, and if her online profile's any indication, she's a complete freak. We're talking serious daddy issues.
Mike:Look, I'll stay in my room. You'll never hear me.
Carlos:Yeah, but you'll hear me. I'm kind of exuberant by nature, and when I haven't had it in a while, I kind of do this shrieking thing that, I mean, it is kinda...
Mike:Okay, I'll go. Just stop talking.
Carlos:Thanks, pal! I wouldn't want it to put a weird spin on our friendship.
Mike:Too late.
(Mike leaves.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette's house]
(Tom is lying in bed, sleeping.)
Rex Voiceover:This is my friend Tom. Have you heard what he's been up to lately? The silly bastard opened up his own pizza place. He thought that if he was his own boss, he could sleep in as late as he wanted, but the problem with that logic is that married guys...
(Lynette wakes him up.)
Lynette:Hey. It's after nine. Come on, Thomasina, it's time to get up.
Rex ...are never their own boss.
Tom:Are you as tired as I am?
Lynette:More, but I'm tougher, and I complain less.
Tom:Not when you give birth, and you do that a lot.
Lynette:Yeah?
(She hits him.)
Tom:Ow!
Lynette:Before I forget, you got a call from Chez Nous confirming your reservation for our anniversary.
Tom:You heard that? I wanted that to be a surprise.
Lynette:Well, we've been going there for the last seven years. It's not exactly a surprise. Anyway, I hope you don't mind, but I canceled.
Tom:You canceled? Why?
Lynette:Honestly, I just don't feel up to going out this year.
Tom:But it's our anniversary. It's our ninth anniversary. Come on. The "big nine." That's a year longer than my mom said we would be married. Come on. We gotta party down.
Lynette:I'm exhausted. Honestly, all I wanna do is pawn the kids off on somebody else, take a long bath and be in bed by eight.
Tom:Okay.
Lynette:Oh, thank you.Thank you, thank you.
(She pats his cheeks.)
Tom:Hold it. What about my sex? I always get sex on our anniversary. 
Lynette:We can still have sex. Just try not to wake me.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Outside Susan's house]
(Ian walks up the sidewalk to Susan's house.)
Rex Voiceover:This is Ian. Don't really know the guy, but Susan Mayer seems to like him. The other night, he surprised her with a proposal. She said yes, but he's still a little skittish about the competition. But Ian knows that if love is war...
(Ian enters the house. Susan is drinking coffee at the kitchen table.)
Susan:Hey. Where were you off to so early this morning?
Rex Voiceover: ...sometimes you gotta bring out the big artillery.
Ian:I should have had it when I proposed. It's not very good form, I know.
(He opens up a ring box with an engagement ring inside.)
Susan:Ian, oh, you can't be serious. Oh, oh, that's just...too much. It's huge.
Ian:Well, we could go smaller.
Susan:Oh, no. No one's saying smaller. No, that's crazy talk. Rock me.
(She holds out her hand for Ian to put the ring on it, which he does.)
Susan:Oh! Oh, my! Oh, it's so beautiful!
(It falls off her hand and rolls underneath the table.)
Susan:Oh! Oh! Oh, okay, nobody move. I got it.
Ian:I knew I should have measured your finger.
Susan:No, it's okay. I can get it resized.
Ian:You should go to the jeweler's right now, and when you get back, we can go and look at some places for the reception.
Susan:Reception?
Ian:Yes, I was hoping we could pull this together for next month.
Susan:What's the rush? Am I pregnant?
Ian:Of course not. I just... well, I just can't wait to be married to you.
Susan:Are you sure? 'Cause you seem a little anxious.
Ian:What would I have to be anxious about?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Hospital]
(Mike is picking up his items from the hospital. A nurse comes over with a clipboard.)
Nurse:Again, sorry for the mix-up. If you could just sign right here...
(Mike holds up the ring box with the ring in it.)
Mike:I don't remember this. You sure that's mine?
Nurse:It was on you the night you were admitted.
Mike:I got hit by a car. I don't remember anything about that night.
Nurse:Well, it looks like you were gonna propose to someone.
(She reads the inscription on the band.)
Nurse:"Susan, be mine forever. Mike." Does that ring a bell?
Mike:It sure does.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Mike's house]
(Edie knocks on the front door. Carlos answers it.)
Edie:Hey, Carlos.
Carlos:Hi.
Edie:I have a little visitor that I thought you might get a kick out of seeing. Remember my little boy?
(A young boy is standing next to Edie. He's wearing a school backpack and holding a basketball.)
Carlos:Hey, Travers. How you doing? Put her there.
(They high-five.)
Carlos:I'm Carlos Solis. I think you came by my house one time trick-or-treating.
Edie:I remember. You gave me a protein bar.
Carlos:Right. Sorry. My wife forgot to buy candy.
Edie:Hey, is that football I hear? Go on. Check it out.
(Travers goes inside and sits down in front of the TV.)
Carlos:I didn't know your son was coming for a visit.
Edie:Neither did I. His, uh, father just dumped him here for four weeks so he could jet off with his doctors without borders buddies and fix cleft palates in Kenya. Selfish son of a bi*ch.
Carlos:Oh, come on. I mean, you barely even see him. It'll be fun...a chance to bond.
Edie:Yeah, that's true, but, um...I have this major party tonight, and I was wondering if maybe you could just keep an eye on him for a few hours.
Carlos:Sorry. I can't tonight.
Edie:Oh! Come on! You love kids. I mean, didn't you rent that Chinese chick so that you could have one of your own?
Carlos:I have a date, too, with a chick so hot I had to turn off the smoke alarms in my house.
Edie:Fine. Travers, come on. Let's go. This isn't a child-friendly house.
Carlos:Bye, Travers. It's good to see you.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Outside a store]
(A distinguished gentleman and his driver walk towards their car. They see Gabrielle walking towards her car.)
Driver:Wow, she's a looker.
Gentleman:I'll say. Hey, what time's that fund-raiser?
Driver:You got an hour.
Gentleman:Well, then...let's have a little fun.
(As Gabrielle backs out of her car, the gentleman's car backs into hers.)
Gabrielle:Look what you did!
Gentleman:Don't yell at me. I'm just a passenger.
Gabrielle:Well, your driver's an idiot!
Gentleman:Hey, it's not Clyde's fault. I mean, what man wouldn't be distracted by such beauty?
Gabrielle:Now you're hitting on me?
Gentleman:I was talking about the car.
Gabrielle:Well, good. I'm glad you like it, 'cause you're gonna pay to fix this.
Gentleman:Of course. Five thousand cover it?
Gabrielle:Five? Well, sure, I guess.
Gentleman:I'd rather not file an insurance claim.My opponent could find out and try to make me look bad.
Gabrielle:Opponent?
Gentleman:Oh, well, I guess you don't read the papers. I'm running for mayor. My name's Victor Lang, and I hope I can count on your vote.
(Gabrielle takes the check.)
Gabrielle:I think I'd rather vote for the other guy...you know, the one who didn't wreck my car?
(She gets into her car and drives off.)
Clyde:Oh, you're off your game. You didn't even get a phone number.
Victor:Oh, don't worry. I'll be seeing her again.
Clyde:How can you be so sure?
Victor:I didn't sign the check.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Automatic Car Wash]
(Julie pulls her car into the automatic car wash. Right before it goes underneath the water, Austin runs up and gets in the car.)
Julie:What the hell are you doing?
Austin:We need to talk.
Julie:No, we don't. Get out.
Austin:Please. You won't return my calls.
Julie:Well, I've been busy. Plus, my Mom caught you naked on top of my friend.
Austin:Just read this, and if you still don't want to talk to me, then I'll never bother you again.
(He hands her a folded sheet of paper.)
Julie:Fine, I'll read it, but only if you get out of the car right now.
Austin:Now? But the...the hot wax is starting.
Julie:I know. Tick-tock.
Austin:Uh...Aah!
(He gets out of the car.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Bree's house]
(Andrew bangs on the bathroom door.)
Andrew:You're still in there? How long does it take to pluck that unibrow?
Danielle:Leave me alone!
Andrew:Danielle,I have to be at work in ten minutes.Now can I please just come in and brush my teeth?
Danielle:I'm having a really bad day, all right? Just go away!
Andrew:I'm gonna have a really bad day, too. I tend not to get tipped when my breath stinks.
(She opens the door.)
Danielle:I'm pregnant.
(She closes the door.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Jeweler's]
(Mike is waiting by the ring counter when Susan walks in and stands next to him.)
Susan:Mike, what are you doing here?
Mike:Oh, hey, um, I'm just selling some old jewelry.
(A young woman who works there comes over to Mike.)
Woman:I spoke to my manager. There's gonna be a charge to remove the inscription, but, uh, we can refund you for the engagement ring.
Mike:That'll be fine.
Susan:Was that the ring that you bought for...
Mike:Yeah.
Woman:Can I help you?
Susan:Uh, yeah, I, uh, have to get this sized. It's...it's a little loose.
Woman:Do you know your size?
Susan:No.
Mike:Congratulations, by the way. Ian...seems great.
Susan:Thanks.
Woman:I can't find my sizer. Um, here. Try this one.
Susan:Oh, no, th...
Woman:How's that fit?
Susan:It's perfect.
(She stands there staring at the ring on her finger.)
Woman:Great. Can I have it back now?
Susan:Oh! Oh, s-sorry.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Outside Mike's house]
(Carlos is mowing the lawn when Tom comes over to him.)
Tom:Hey, you've got a cousin in the limo business, don't you?
Carlos:Actually,I've got a cousin in the "limo as a front for prostitution" business.He's in jail.Why do you ask?
Tom:Oh, I'm, uh, I'm just planning a big thing for my anniversary.
Carlos:Aren't you just gonna go to Chez Boring, like you do every year?
Tom:No. Lynette's so over that, she was ready to bag the whole night, so got me thinking. Nine years...time to shake things up. Now I'm planning the greatest anniversary of all time. Check this out. Lynette's gonna open the door to find a limo driver with a dozen roses and a card. The card is gonna tell her to go with the guy, not ask any questions. He'll drive her out to the country. He'll drop her off, then drive away. Just as she is starting to freak out, I show up in a horse-drawn carriage, which takes us up to Whitman's Bluff, where we eat a catered dinner, listen to a professional violinist. Afterwards, when we come home, I'm sure Lynette will think of a way to thank me.
Carlos:You're one romantic son of a bi*ch.
Tom:Wh-hoo! I have my moments.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Victor's office]
(Victor is speaking with a reporter.)
Victor:Of course I'm not questioning Mayor Johnson's family values. I'm sure they're what prompted him to put his sisters, brother-in-law and six of his cousins on the city payroll.
(Gabrielle stands in the doorway.)
Victor:Now, uh, if you'll excuse me, I have to cut this interview short. I have some very important business to attend to.
(The reporter leaves and Gabrielle comes in.)
Victor:Ms. Solis, what a nice surprise. Are you here to make a contribution to my campaign?
Gabrielle:Not exactly.
(She pulls out the check he gave her and hands it over.)
Victor:Oh, no. Did I forget to s...I'm so sorry. Let me make it up to you. I'll take you to dinner. My treat.
Gabrielle:It would be your treat. I'm a hot date. What's in it for me?
Victor:Well, I have, uh, "an ingratiating wit, trustworthy smile," according to the "Plainview Herald."
Gabrielle:Yeah. Check, please.
Victor:My family also owns Lang Enterprises. Dad's worth a...few hundred mil.
Gabrielle:Well, a girl's gotta eat.
Victor:Great. I'll take you to Cucina. There's no place harder to get into.
Gabrielle:That's what you think.
(She leaves.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Outside Susan's house]
(Mike hands Ian a check for $8,500.)
Ian:Mike, this is completely unnecessary. My paying for your lawyer was a favor. It wasn't a loan.
Mike:I-I appreciate it, but I just don't like to owe anybody.
Ian:Well, I-I just don't want you to have any trouble getting back on your feet.
Mike:No, it's fine.I had a windfall.The hospital gave me back an engagement ring I didn't even know I had.
Ian:Oh, really? So you sold it? You should have kept it till the right girl comes along.
Mike:Well, I...couldn't give this ring to just anyone.
Ian:Oh, right, the, um, the inscription.
Mike:How'd you know it was inscribed?
Ian:Well, I-isn't that the custom? Uh, I just assumed it was. Well, uh, listen, I-I've got to get some fresh rags. Uh, thanks for the check. I'll see you around.
Mike:Oh, you can count on it.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Edie's house]
(Austin and Danielle are talking.)
Austin:Are you sure?
Danielle:Yes.I peed on five different sticks.Would you put that burrito away?It's making me nauseous.
Austin:Join the club. Look, I-I know your parents are religious, but I know this clinic.
Danielle:Absolutely not!
Austin:So what other choice do we have?
Danielle:Well, gee, you could, like, uh, marry me?
Austin:Marry you?! I can't stand you.
Danielle:Oh, nice way to talk to the mother of your child! Oh, God. Bathroom.
(She rushes off. Julie comes in the house.)
Julie:Hey.
Austin:Julie. Hi. Uh, hey.
Julie:Your door was open. Can I come in?
Austin:Uh, wh-what are you doing here?
Julie:I read your letter. I had no idea it would be so sweet. I could really tell it came from your heart. I'm embarrassed to admit, I...cried.
(Retching is heard in the background.)
Austin:Uh, my Aunt Edie sort of tied one on last night.
Julie:Oh. Anyway, I-I guess what I'm saying is...Okay.
Austin:Okay? Uh...
Julie:We can try again.
Austin:Julie, that's great! And I want to talk about this, uh, but I just kinda need to take care of my aunt. Can I call you tomorrow?
Julie:Sure. Oh, we're gonna have to take things slow, 'cause it'll be a while before I can trust you again.
Austin:I understand.
(Julie leaves.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Restaurant]
(Victor and Gabrielle are sitting at a table in a fancy restaurant. A waiter takes their plates.)
Victor:Thank you, Bruno. The veal was excellent. Feel like dessert?
Gabrielle:No, thank you. I'm stuffed.
Victor:Then let me propose a toast.To a delightful evening,and to the happy accident that brought us together.
Gabrielle:Victor, you are so full of crap.
Victor:What?
Gabrielle:There was no accident. I know you told your chauffeur to ram my car.
Victor:Why would I do that?
Gabrielle:Uh,for the same reason you forgot to sign the check.You've been working me since the second we met,and I've been on to you every step of the way.What?What's so funny?I just called you a manipulative jerk.
Victor:I think I underestimated you. I also think this relationship just got a lot more interesting.
Gabrielle:There is no relationship. This is our last date.
Victor:You didn't have any fun?
Gabrielle:It was okay. You know, you told a few good jokes. You're sorta charming. You're not bad-looking. I just think I can do better.
Victor:Have you not noticed? I'm a catch.
Gabrielle:I have noticed, and I'm throwing you back.
Victor:Gaby, let me tell you something. For my whole life, whenever I've truly wanted something, I've always gotten it. And tonight, right around the time you were calling me a manipulative jerk, I decided I truly want... you. So brace yourself. The chase is on.
Gabrielle:You can chase me all you want, but trust me, I'm way too fast for you.
(She gets up and walks out of the restaurant. Bruno comes back with the check.)
Victor:Bruno...I'm gonna marry that girl.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Mike's house]
(Carlos and the woman from the online ad are kissing.)
Carlos:Can I just say something? You are way hotter than your online profile.
Woman:So many guys say that.
Carlos:Mmm.
(Carlos hears a noise.)
Woman:What's wrong?
(He looks out the window and sees Travers bouncing his basketball outside.)
Carlos:Oh, my friend's kid is out there.
Woman:Oh. Hey, I got an idea. Let's go upstairs. I should warn you... my therapist says I'm sexually compulsive. This could take hours.
Carlos:Whatever your issues are, we will work them out together.
(He still hears the noise from outside.)
Carlos:It's almost eleven. What is he doing out there by himself?
Woman:I'm sure his folks know he's out there. Now relax.
Carlos:I'm so sorry. I will be right back. I promise.
(He goes outside.)
Carlos:Hey, Travers, what are you doing out here? Where's your mom?
Travers:She had to go visit a sick friend.
Carlos:Come on.
(Inside the house...)
Woman:No way. I didn't come over here to babysit some little brat.
Carlos:Shh. He can hear you.
Woman:I don't care.
Carlos:Look, his mother's bound to be home soon, all right? Then we can pick up where we left off.
Woman:Forget it. I'm officially no longer in the mood.
(The woman leaves. Travers comes over, eating ice cream.)
Travers:Sorry I ruined your date.
Carlos:That's okay. She was a very bad lady who wanted to do very, very bad things to me.
(Later that night, Edie gets out of a car in front of her house.)
Edie:Night, Raoul.
(She walks up to her front door and sees a note on there that reads that Carlos has Travers. She goes over to Mike's and knocks on the door. Carlos answers.)
Carlos:Where the hell have you been?
Edie:Oh, I, uh...ducked out... just for an hour.
Carlos:That's funny, 'cause I found Travers wandering the streets three hours ago.
Edie:Look, he was fine when I left. I just didn't know he'd go outside.
Carlos:Yeah, you never know what an eight-year-old's gonna do. That's why you supervise him.
Edie:Hey, you don't get to judge me. You don't have a kid.
Carlos:Well, if I did, I'd treat him a hell of a lot better than you do. And thank God he lives with his father. I mean, come on. What kind of mother are you?
Edie:If you are done lecturing me, I would like my son now.
Carlos:He's asleep. Come and get him in the morning...when you're sober.
(He closes the door.)
(The next morning, Edie goes back over to Mike's house and knocks on the door. Carlos stares at her for a few seconds, then calls up the stairs.)
Carlos:Hey, buddy! Your mom's here for ya.
Edie:I know you think I'm a terrible person.
Carlos:I never said that.
Edie:Terrible mother, terrible person...it's the same thing. Because no matter what else she does, if a woman isn't a good mother, she's a failure, right? Look, um...when I had Travers, I, uh, I knew I was in over my head, and when Charles and I split, I...I gave him custody. Because I wanted my son to have the best life possible. And that doesn't make me a good mother, but...I like to think it makes me a realistic one.
(Travers comes down the stairs.)
Travers:Hey, Mom.
Edie:Hey, champ.
Travers:I missed you.
Edie:Oh, I missed you, too. Guess what? I've got so many fun things for you to do today.
Travers:Cool.
Edie:Yeah.
Travers:Thanks for the ice cream.
Carlos:My pleasure. I'll see you, little man. Hey. Travers said he's, uh, staying at least a month.
Edie:Yeah.
Carlos:So if you ever need a babysitter, just yell.
Edie:I appreciate that. Hey! Wait for me!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Scavo Restaurant]
(Tom is on the phone.)
Tom:No, I don't want a viola player. I asked for a violinist. I don't even know what a viola is. Oh, it's just a big violin? Okay. Yeah, sure. Okay, I'll see you at eight.
(Lynette comes up behind him.)
Lynette:What was that?
Tom:It's...just a little surprise, okay? Let it go.
Lynette:Let it go...that's cute. Start talkin'.
Tom:I planned a little something for our anniversary. That is all I'm gonna say.
Lynette:Okay. Okay. Okay. If we're doing this, I need to buy you something. What do you want?
Tom:You don't have to buy me anything.
Lynette:Well, you didn't have to plan anything, but you did, even though we had an agreement. You like ties? You're getting a tie.
Tom:What are you getting so upset about?
Lynette:I have been dragging my ass all day, and the only thought that's kept me going is the hot bath, and now I have do my hair and shave my legs.
Tom:So what do you want to do, Lynette? Just tell me what you want.
Lynette:I told you what I want. Hot bath, bed early, but you chose not to listen.
Tom:Well, okay, I guess I can just cancel the whole thing. You can have your dream evening alone, and I'll get up a poker game or something.
Lynette:Thank you.
Tom:Hey. You know what? I've been dragging my ass all day, too, and you know what got me through it? The idea of doing something special with you. Happy anniversary.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Bree's house]
(Danielle and Andrew are sitting on the couch. Orson comes downstairs with luggage.)
Orson:All right. I'm off to join your mother. The hotel number's on the fridge in case there's a problem. Bree said her cell phone isn't getting good reception.
Andrew:Uh, actually, we...we kinda already have a problem.
Orson:Well, I'm already late for my flight. Can this wait a few weeks till we're back?
Andrew:Yeah, this could wait a few weeks.
Orson:Oh, good.
Andrew:I mean, heck, this particular problem could wait...nine months.
Orson:Good Lord.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette's house]
(Lynette comes into the kitchen, wrapped in her bathrobe. Mrs. McCluskey is playing cards with the kids.)
Mrs. McCluskey:How was your bath?
Lynette:Oh, I couldn't relax. I just kept replaying the fight I had with Tom in my head.
Mrs. McCluskey:Well, at least your husband tries to be romantic. Every anniversary, Gilbert bought me an appliance. The last one, he gave me a vacuum cleaner. He died two weeks later. I didn't cry.
Lynette:Wow.
(The doorbell rings.)
Lynette:Who could that be? Here.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Bree's house]
(Austin is sitting on the couch while Andrew and Danielle occupy the chairs opposite the couch. Orson stands.)
Orson:All right. Here's what we're thinking. Clearly, the idea of the two of you getting married is ridiculous.
Austin:So what do you want me to do?
Orson:Glad you asked. Bree and I have decided that Danielle will join us on our honeymoon. When we return, we'll tell our friends she's decided to study abroad. Once the baby is born and adopted by a suitable family, she'll come home.
Austin:What about me?
Orson:You leave.
Austin:Leave?
Orson:Get out of Fairview and don't tell a soul why, not even your aunt.
Austin:I can't do that.
Orson:Why not?
Austin:Because I've got responsibilities here. People are counting on me.
Orson:Yeah, well, you should have thought of that before you impregnated my stepdaughter.
Austin:I said I'm not leaving!
Andrew:Oh, easy there, turbo. Uh...we'll be right back.
(Andrew and Austin go into the kitchen.)
Andrew:So who exactly is counting on you? Hmm? Julie Mayer, maybe?
Austin:She gave me another chance. I can't leave if I've still got a shot with her.
Andrew:And what's gonna happen when Julie finds out you knocked up my sister?
Austin:Didn't your stepdad just say no one's gonna find out about that?
Andrew:Okay. Try this. Julie's a nice girl, and you, well...you're a dog. No knock. I'm a dog lover myself, but Julie deserves better. You know you'll just end up cheating on her.
Austin:No, I won't hurt her again.
Andrew:Sure you will. Not right away. Maybe you'll hold out for six months, but then it'll hurt her even more. Am I wrong? You just have to ask yourself if you can be the kind of guy she needs you to be. If you can't...walk away.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Scavo Restaurant]
(Tom, Carlos, and Orson are setting up the poker game.)
Tom:Beer is on the house, guys. Drink fast, get stupid, lose money.
(Mike comes in.)
Tom:Mike!
Mike:Hey.
Tom:How's it going, buddy? Hey, you know, uh, Orson, right?
Mike:Oh, yeah.
Orson:Hey, neighbor.
Tom:Hey, so let's get started, huh? Five-card stud? Two dollar ante?
(Ian comes in.)
Ian:Good evening, gentlemen.
Tom:Ian!
Mike:Hey... Ian.
Ian:Nice to see you, Mike.
Carlos:What is fish-and-chips doing here?
Tom:Susan asked me to include him. Said he always wanted to learn how to play poker. So we're going to give him some very expensive lessons.
Mike:Be careful. He already knows how to bluff.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Outside Susan's house]
(Julie is going from her car to the house when Austin comes up.)
Austin:Hey.
Julie:Hey. How's it going?
Austin:Good. Good, uh...just wanted to tell you, I have to leave town for a while.
Julie:Really? Is something wrong?
Austin:No, no, no.It's just family stuff. I don't know exactly when I'll be back.It could be a while, though.
Julie:Oh. Okay.
Austin:I just want you to know that...it means a lot that you were willing to give me a second chance. You're, like, the only person that's ever done that.
Julie:Austin...what's going on?
Austin:Nothing, uh, it's just...I have to go. Good-bye, Julie.
Julie:Austin!
(He stops and she runs up to him and kisses him.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Scavo Restaurant]
(The men are playing poker.)
Ian:I'll raise you.
Tom:Mm. Out.
Mike:Ah, another courageous move for "foldilocks." All right. I'll call you. Flush, king high.
Ian:Full house, sevenss and knaves.
Carlos:Jacks. We call them jacks.
Mike:Boy, this is your lucky room.
Orson:Yes, I heard about your engagement the other night. Congratulations.
Mike:Yeah, about that, Ian, was that, uh, proposal spontaneous, or did you have it all planned?
Ian:Oh, it was entirely planned. I thought it would be the ideal occasion.
Mike:Wow. Well, if it was planned, why didn't you have a ring?
Ian:Well, I thought Susan might like to choose the ring herself.
Tom:Ante up, boys.
Mike:So why'd she pick a ring that was too big for her?
Ian:How did you know that?
Tom:Guys, guys, guys, guys, we came here to play cards. Why are we talking about jewelry?
Mike:Sorry, Tom, but I just found out I bought a ring for Susan myself. It was in my pocket that night some son of a bi*ch ran me over.
Orson:Hey, Tom's right. We should focus on the game.
Mike:After our talk, I called the hospital. They said my ring got in with your wife's stuff. So you saw it before I did...the same day you proposed to Susan.
Ian:And your point is?
Mike:That that's why you were in such a big hurry. You wanted to seal the deal before I found out about the ring and told her.
Ian:Do you think I'm afraid of you?
Mike:Maybe you should be. What do you think Susan would say if she found out why your proposal was so spontaneous?
Tom:Guys, can we just play?
Ian:I'm trying.
Mike:Fine. Deal.
(Tom's phone rings. He answers it.)
Tom:Hello?
Lamar:Mr. Scavo, it's Lamar from the limo service. Uh, I got a flat, so I might be late picking up you and your wife.
Tom:What are you talking about? I-I-I canceled you.
Lamar:No, you didn't.
Tom:Yes, I did. I left you a message.
Lamar:Oh, I must have missed it. Anyway, I dropped your wife off, right where you told me.
Tom:Oh, God. When?
Lamar:About two hours ago.
(Tom hangs up the phone and puts on his jacket.)
Tom:Guys, um, lock up when you're done.
(He leaves.)
Ian:I'll open.
Orson:I'm out.
Mike:And I'll raise you.
(Mike puts a stack of chips in the middle of the table.)
Orson:You want a beer?
Carlos:Hell, Tom's gone. Let's go open up the good stuff.
(Orson and Carlos leave the table.)
Ian:Well...looks like it's just you and me, if you're still in.
Mike:With this hand? You bet I am. I'll re-raise.
Ian:And raise again.
Mike:Your stack's looking kinda small.
Ian:Will you take a check?
(He pulls out the check Mike had written him earlier and places it on top of the stack of chips in the middle of the table.)
Mike:You know I can't match that.
Ian:How about this, then? You win, you keep the money, and you tell Susan whatever you want. I win, you keep your mouth shut about the ring, and you leave me and Susan alone.
(Mike looks at his cards: three kings and two queens.)
Mike:Deal.
(Later, a man walks up to Susan's doorway. She opens the door as he climbs the steps to her porch.)
Susan:How was the game?
(The man is Ian.)
Ian:I won.
(They hug.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Empty road - nighttime]
(Lynette is walking, shivering, down the empty road, wearing her fancy dress and holding roses. Tom pulls up next to her in his car.)
Tom:Lynette, I am so sorry. I am so sorry! You see, there was supposed to be a horse-drawn carriage and...
(She throws the flowers at him.)
Tom:Oh, good. You got the flowers.
(She gets in the car.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[DINER]
(Lynette and Tom enter the diner and sit at the counter. A waitress approaches.)
Waitress:Coffee?
Tom:Yes, please.
(The waitress looks at Lynette.)
Tom:Yeah, she...she likes coffee, too. Thanks.
(The waitress leaves.)
Tom:I'm really, really, really sorry.
Lynette:Please stop apologizing.
Tom:I'm s...
Lynette:I appreciate what you were trying to do. It was a lovely thought that just went hideously, hideously, hideously wrong.
Tom:Wait till the kids find out that you saw a real coyote.
Lynette:Hideously.
Tom:Well, I learned my lesson. Never again. No more surprises. From now on, I'll do exactly what you say.
(Their coffees arrive and they each wrap their hands around their respective mugs.)
Lynette:Oh, don't you dare.
Tom:What?
Lynette:I had a lot of time to think tonight, and I realized you were right. We have to keep the romance going, no matter how tired we are. The only thing worse than just going through the motions is not bothering to go through the motions.
Tom:So you want me to surprise you next year?
Lynette:Knock yourself out.
Tom:Just wait, 'cause I will think of something even better.
Lynette:Well, after this year, I would be happy with any date that included food and shelter.
(Tom lifts his coffee mug for a toast.)
Tom:Nine years.
Lynette:Nine years...and I have loved every minute of it.
Tom:Me, too.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Wisteria Lane - nighttime]
Rex Voiceover:Take a drive down any street in Suburbia. Know what you're gonna see? A bunch of guys wearing the same expression. It's a look that says, "Oh, crap. My dreams are never gonna come true. I'll never have a life free from scandal. I'll never have a son of my own. I'll never hold her in my arms again. I'll never get to tell her how I feel." Yeah, the suburbs are filledwith a lot of men who have given up hope. Of course, every once in a while you do come across some lucky SOB whose dreams have all come true. You know how you spot them? They're the ones who can't stop smiling. Don't you just hate those guys?
~ The End ~

