Desperate Housewives
3X01: Listen to the Rain on the Roof
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Mary Alice Voiceover: Previously on Desperate.housewives...
Tom:I have another child.
Carlos:You don't wanna give me the permition,remenber? 
Gabrielle:Not to sleep with a woman carrying on a child.
Mary Alice Voiceover:For some,love withered.
Bree: Do I know you?
Orson:Orson Hodge.Uh, Susan's dentist friend.
Mary Alice Voiceover:While others will wait for love.
Mary Alice Voiceover:For others,new love will bloom...that may never arrive.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Lakeview Drive]
(Alma Hodge is standing in the window of a beautiful house look out to Lakeview Drive).
Mary Alice Voiceover:Something awful happened on Lakeview Drive last year.To understand why, you need to know that when Alma Hodge woke that morning she had no idea this would be the day she’d leave her husband. 
(Alma sit putting can into the kitchen cupboard.The cans are in uniform rows with labels matching.)\
Mary Alice Voiceover:It certainly began normally enough.She put away the groceries, per his instructions. 
(Alma is hanging a suit in the closet.All the men’s clothing in the closet are arranged perfectly with suits, shirts, etc, neatly in sections.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:She hung his dry cleaning exactly as he had requested. She folded the towels just as he had taught her. 
(Alma is sitting at the dining room table looking at her pet parrot, Baby, in his cage.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:It was just before noon.
Alma:Momma loves baby.Does the baby love Momma?
Baby: (mimicking) Momma.
Mary Alice Voiceover:When something inside Alma broke and she decided it was time to fly away.
(Alma is standing in the doorway using a lint brush on her husband’s suit jacket.He turns and it’s Orson Hodge.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:Of course she knew better than to say this to her husband.He thought Alma was happy.And Orson Hodge did not like to be contradicted. 
(Alma is peeking out the glass on the front door.She watches as Orson drives off.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover:So she waited till he left for work.
(Alma runs upstairs.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:And then... 
(Alma packs her bag as fast as she can then grabs the birdcage and runs toward the front door.) 
Alma: Oh!
(She trips and falls.The birdcage opens and the parrot flies to the balcony upstairs.)
[Lakeview Drive corner]
(Orson is stopped at the stop sign.He glances down and, disgusted, he sees dirt of his suit sleeve.)
[Hodge House]
(Alma is yelling at the parrot.)
Alma:Baby, you’ve gotta come down.Momma’s in a hurry.
Baby: (mimicking) Hurry.Hurry!.
(View out front door glass.Orson drives up.)
Alma: Baby, you get back in your cage right now!I’m gonna have to leave you behind! Please!
(Orson walks in the front door.He sees the suitcase.Baby flies back into her cage.Orson smiles and closes the front door.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Hodge house]
(View out the front door glass.Carolyn is walking toward the front door.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:The next day Carolyn Bixby stopped by and like most nosy neighbors she knew you learned more if you didn’t knock. 
(Carolyn walks in.)
Carolyn: Alma, are you home?
(Carolyn sees a bucket and mop in the doorway to the dining room.Orson comes out of the kitchen wearing gloves.)
Orson: Carolyn?
Carolyn:I was just looking for Alma.We had a coffee date this morning.She never showed.
Orson: Ah.Alma left yesterday.
Carolyn: Left?
Orson:We had a bit of a row.
Carolyn:Oh.Harvey and I thought we heard some raised voices.So, where did she go?
Orson: Don’t know but I wouldn’t worry about it.I’m sure she’s fine.
(Baby in cage begins talking out loud.)
Baby:Orson. No! Orson, No!
(Orson and Carolyn stare at Baby.Orson leads Carolyn to the door with his gloved hands.)
Orson:So, if I hear from Alma I’ll let her know you dropped by.
(Orson closes the front door behind Carolyn.He stares at Baby and smiles.)
[Orson’s House – Driveway]
Mary Alice Voiceover:Yes, Orson Hodge was a man who did not like to be contradicted.... 
(Orson walks to the curb and sets the empty birdcage with the outgoing trash and walks back into the house.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:...by anyone. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Flashback - Six Month Ago]
[Wisteria Lane in the pouring rain]
Mary Alice Voiceover:It doesn’t rain very often in the town of Fairview but when it does, it pours.
(Orson and Bree are running up the street with Orson’s Jacket covering them.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:It was on just such a date that Bree Van de Kamp went on her first date with her new friend, Orson Hodge. A date that ended with a kiss in the rain. 
(Orson kisses Bree and they run off.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Gabrielle’s Living Room]
(Gaby is sitting with her attorney.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:Gabrielle Solis was conferring with her new divorce lawyer and describing in vivid detail her husband’s affair with their maid...
(Xiao mei walks in with a tea tray.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:...who also happened to be their surrogate. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette’s Front Porch]
(Lynette, Tom, Kayla and Nora run onto the porch in the rain.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:Meanwhile, Lynette Scavo was busy meeting her husband’s illegitimate daughter... 
(Nora removes her wet coat, throws it at Lynette, picks up Kayla and runs into the house.Tom follows leaving Lynette behind holding Nora’s coat.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:...while resisting the urge to strangle the girl’s mother. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Susan’s driveway]
(Susan comes running out of her house and gets into her car.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:This happened just after Susan Meyer learned Mike Delfino had been badly injured in a ‘hit and run’ accident and was now in a coma at Fairview Community Hospital.
(Susan speeds down Wisteria Lane.) 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Paul Young’s Front Yard – Pouring rain]
(Edie is hanging a Fairview Realty For Sale sign.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:At that same moment, Edie Britt was putting up a For Sale sign on the lawn of the house where I once lived. Edie had also planned to spruce up the property by washing down the driveway, but she was pleased to see the rain had already taken care of that.This is what rainy days are good for. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Bree’s House]
(Bree and Orson, soaking wet, run in the front door.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:They make everything clean again. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Gabrielle’s Front Porch]
(The lawyer walks away in the rain.Gabrielle goes back into her house passing Xiao mei.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:Which is necessary on a street like Wisteria Lane. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette’s Front Porch]
(Tom follows Kayla and Nora into the house.Lynette is standing on the porch holding Nora’s coat.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:Where everything can get so messy. 
(Lynette looks at the coat she is holding and throws in down onto the porch and walks into the house and closes the door.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Wisteria – Today – Pouring rain]
(There is an open house being held at the Young house.A male potential buyer walks in the front door.)
Edie: Welcome.Welcome.
Potential Buyer # 1:My umbrella.
Edie: Oh, don’t worry about the water, the floors are laminated. Here’s a flyer.
(Edie turns as she hears Mrs. McCluskey talking to a female potential buyer.)
Mrs. McCluskey:They found her severed fingers in the garage.
Potential buyer # 2:Oh, no.
Mrs. McCluskey:And they never found Felicia’s body.I wouldn’t be surprised if someday you opened the cabinet and whoosh, hello!
(Edie comes up behind Mrs. McCluskey and grabs her arm.)
Edie: Karen, dear.Have you seen the marble backsplash?Oh, I just must show it to you.Excuse us.
(Edie pulls Karen away.)
Edie:What are you trying to do to me, you back stabbing cow!
Karen:They asked why the owner was selling.I told them that Paul Young was in jail.They asked why.Conversation has a flow.
Edie:Well, knock it off! I’ve been trying to unload this house of horrors for months now and you are not helping.”
(Karen reaches for some pastries on the table.)
Edie: Ah, ah.Those are for potential buyers.You withered old mooch!
Karen:Well, good luck trying to find one of those.Maybe you’ll have an easier time with the Applewhite house and that rec room in the basement.
Edie:Get out!
(Edie opens the front door and pushes Karen out.)
Edie:Get out, get out, get out, get out!
Potential Buyer # 3:Edie, ah, do you have a moment, please?
Edie:Yes, yes, yes, yes.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette’s House]
(Lynette, all dressed up is fixing Tom’s Tie.The kids are all on the couch all dressed up.Kayla and Nora are in the background.) 
Lynette:Settle down.
Kids:Come on!
Lynette:Kayla ready yet?
Nora:Just a sec.
Tom:Honey, thank you for this.I know it’s a little weird to send out a family Christmas photo with your husband's ‘love child’ but it means a lot to her to be included.
Lynette:No problem.She’s a great little girl.
(Lynette kisses Tom.)
Lynette:All right, let’s do this.I’m just going to check the focus.
(Lynette looks in the viewfinder and sees Nora wearing a Santa hat sitting down on the arm of the couch getting into the photo.)
Lynette:Nora.
Nora: Lynette.
Lynette:Uh.What are you doing there?
Nora:Well, it’s a family photo, right?
Lynette:Tom, could I, could I check your tie again?
(Tom and Lynette go into the kitchen.)
Tom:She sat down so quickly I didn’t know what to say.
Lynette:How about, ‘you’re in the frame, Bitch, move.
Tom: Lynette.
Lynette:No, I am sorry.How much of her crap do I have to put up with?First it’s little drop bys, than she’s inviting herself to dinner three times a week.Now she wants to be in our Christmas photo? I’m sorry, no, that is not happening.
Nora:Hey guys.Don’t fight, it’s the holidays.
Lynette:Nora, this is just for our family.I would prefer if you weren’t in it.
Nora:Oh, okay.Kayla, honey, we gotta go.They’re kicking us out.
Tom: We didn’t say that Kayla couldn’t be in the photo.
Nora:Yeah, but you know what?If I’m not your family, then she’s not your family.
Kayla:It’s okay.I don’t have to be in the picture.
(Tom looks pleadingly at Lynette.)
Lynette:Fine, fine, no absolutely fine. (whispering to Tom) Put ‘Crazy’ at the end and we’ll crop her out later.
Tom:Fair enough, fair enough.Hey, everything’s okay.It’s okay, come on guys, come on back.
Nora:Thank you Lynette.That’s the Christmas spirit that I was looking for.
(Lynette sets the camera.)
Lynette:Ten seconds.
(She runs into the picture.) 
Nora:I think this is a little stiff.I have a really fun idea.
(Nora dives onto the Scavo kids laps and into the center of the frame as it clicks.The picture is freeze framed with Lynette and Tom looking very shocked.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Gabrielle’s Bedroom]
(Gabrielle is carrying a food tray to a very pregnant Xiao mei who is lying on Gabrielle’s bed.)
Xiao mei:Where are my crackers?
Gabrielle:We’re out, but I got you a pickle.
Xiao mei: Pickles and soup? Who eats that?
Gabrielle:You know, that’s all I got.
Xiao mei:Every heard of a store?
(Xiao mei throws the pickle onto the floor.) 
Gabrielle:You did not just to that!
Xiao mei:I hate pickles.
Gabrielle: Pick it up!
Xiao mei: Doctor say I only get out of bed to pee.Better for baby.Remember?
(Gabrielle picks the pickle up and begins to leave the room.)
Xiao mei: Don’t go!I need you to rub my feet.They’re sore and Doctor say...
Gabrielle:Oh, cut it out, Xiao mei.The Doctor didn’t say anything about me rubbing your chubby stumps.Rub'em yourself.
Xiao mei:You treat me like dirt.
Gabrielle:Would you rather go live with Mr. Solis in a dingy one bedroom apartment with no air conditioning and no cable?Huh?No, I didn’t think so.
Xiao mei:You are meanest person I know.
Gabrielle:I am THE meanest person.You’ve been in the country a year.Modify your nouns, damn it.
Xiao mei:What a Bitch.
Gabrielle:I can’t wait for you to pop out that baby because when you do I am putting you on the first plane back to Shanghai, and you’re going to be on all fours in a rice patty before the epidural wears off!
Xiao mei:But you promised to get me apartment in Chinatown so I can work for my friend in restaurant.Start a new life.
Gabrielle:Tell it to my Chinese friend, Sue Me!!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Fairview County Hospital]
(Mike is laying in a coma as Susan shaves him.)
Doctor:You know we do have people here in the hospital that do that.
Susan:But I like doing it.I think Mike would want me to.Oops.
(The doctor has Susan a tiny piece of toilet paper to cover the cut on Mike’s face.Mike has several pieces of paper covering cuts on his face.)
Susan:So you got the results of his latest MRI yet?
Doctor:I’m afraid there was no change.
Susan:Oh.Well, how long until you can do another one?
Doctor:I don’t want to tell you not to be optimistic but..
Susan: Look, I know it’s been six months but he could still come out of it, right?I saw on the news there was this woman in Peru, she woke up after ten years.
Doctor:There’s a reason that made the news.
Susan:You might think I’m naive but I know he’s coming back to me.
Doctor:Susan.
Susan: Don’t say it.You just keep doing your job and I’ll keep doing mine.Oops.
(Susan puts another tiny piece of paper on another cut.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Bree’s Dining Room]
(Bree and Orson are having a romantic candlelit dinner.)
Bree:That Rosotto was perfect.
Orson:Just like you.Listen, I hope you saved room for dessert.
(Orson clears the dinner dishes and takes them into the kitchen.He comes back holding a bakery box.)
Orson:I got us something special from a wonderful little bakery downtown.
Bree:Oh.
(Orson opens the bakery box.Inside is two desserts.One is shaped into a blue Tiffany box.He places the blue box in front of Bree.)
Bree:That is so adorable but I don’t think I can eat another bite.
Orson:Here, let me take half.
(Orson removes the lid.There is an engagement ring inside.)
Orson:What do you say Bree? Will you marry me?
Bree:Ah.This is a little sudden, isn’t it?
Orson:We’ve only known each other six months but I’ve loved you every minute of it.But if you don’t share my feelings.
Bree:No, no, um, I do.It just that I, um, can’t help being cautious, since Rex I haven’t been exactly lucky in love.
Orson:I use to feel the same way.When Alma left me I was shattered.I realize now that it was the luckiest day of my life because it meant I was free when I met you.Luck can change Bree.Let me change yours.
Bree:Yes.
Orson:Yes?
Bree:Yes, I will marry you, Orson.
(Orson takes the ring out of the box and puts it on Bree’s finger.He sighs as he pulls the top of the confectionary box and eats it.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Fairview County Hospital -Jane Hansworth‘s room] 
(Ian is sitting in a chair looking at his comatose wife.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:Ian Hansworth had be miserable ever since a tragic horse back riding accident had left his wife, Jane, in a coma. 
[Flashback]
(Ian is getting coffee from the coffee machine.He walks by a group of laughing young nurses.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:For the next three years, he shied away from all social contact because he wanted to be alone with his grief.
[Flashback]
(Ian is getting coffee.He turn and runs into Susan.They talk and shake hands.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:Then one day he met Susan Meyer, who because of her own tragedy was just as miserable as he was. 
[Flashback]
(Ian getting coffee, runs into Susan.They talk and laugh and walk away together.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:And Ian was loving this company....
[Present] 
(Ian is walking down the hallway carrying two cups of coffee.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:More and more everyday. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Mike’s Room]
(Susan is exercising Mike by rotating his arm.Ian walks in as Susan scratches her face with Mike’s hand.)
Susan:Two, three.Oh, itch, itch, itch.Oh, itch, itch, itch.
Ian: Do the nurses know you do this?
Susan:Oh, hey, you weren’t supposed to see that.
Ian:Well, clearly.You can buy my silence if you’ll have coffee with me.
Susan:Oh, I would love to but I think I’m in a rush here.I’m supposed to meet my girlfriends for lunch at 1:00.Is it 1:00 yet?
Ian:Well, you tell me.I noticed you are always rushing into the hall to check the time, so I, um, I bought you this.
(Ian pulls a watch out of his pocket and holds it out to Susan.)
Susan:Oh, wow.Um, um, I can’t accept this.This is too extravagant.
Ian:Oh, no, it’s not.There’s a guy on the sidewalk had a bunch of them laid out on a blanket.If you check closely it says, ": Pholex".
Susan:Ha, still I...
Ian: Please, it would make me so happy if you took it.
Susan:Well, in that case, thank you for my cheap knock-off.Oh, my god, I’m late.
(Susan grabs her stuff and runs out.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Fairview Country Club]
(Construction work is going on.A posted sign says “Coming Soon, Our New Pro Shop.”)
(Bree walks into the dining room where Susan, Lynette and Gabrielle are waiting.)
Bree:Hi, hi, hi, hi.I’m so sorry I’m late.
Lynette:No, that’s fine.Wow, white gloves.What are we having lunch in the 1880s.
Bree:Well, it’s a very elegant club.You know Orson’s been a member here for years. It will be even nicer when they finish the construction.
Susan:So you were very mysterious on the phone.Why did you want to have lunch?
Bree: Well, um, I wanted to invite you to a dinner that Orson and I are having this Saturday.
Susan:So you asked us to a meal to announce another meal?That’s so Bree of you.
Gabrielle:What’s the occasion?Bree:Oh, um, no occasion.Just a little get together.
Lynette:What are you being so coy about?
Bree:I’m not being coy.
Lynette:She said coyly.
Gabrielle:If you don’t tell us, we’re not coming.
Bree:Oh, all right.I wanted to wait and make a proper announcement, but... 
(Bree removes the white glove on her left hand.The girls see her ring.Bree holds her hand out to Gabrielle.)
Bree:Orson and I are engaged.
Gabrielle:Oh my gosh!
Lynette:Wow!
Susan: Let me see.Oh.
Lynette:You move fast.
Bree:I know it’s quick but it’s just feel so right.Orson is just the most warm, wonderful, generous man.
Gabrielle:Oh, generous.That means he’s good in the sack.
Bree:Actually, no, we haven’t had sex yet.We’re waiting until we get married.
(Gabrielle breaks out in laughter.Bree looks shocked.)
Gabrielle:Oh my god, you’re serious?No sex at all? No even... um...
Bree:Whatever you’re alluding to, no.
Gabrielle:But you’re gonna get married.You wouldn’t buy a car without at least taking it for a little test drive.It’s not like you’ve never slept with a guy you weren’t married to.
Bree:True, I have in the past, given myself away too freely.How charming of you to bring that up while I’m announcing my engagement.But I’d like to think that I’ve learned from my mistakes.So the dinner is at 8:00 and when we make the announcement, please, everyone look surprised.
Gabrielle:Oh, don’t worry, I’m just going to replay the look I had when I found out you hadn’t banged him yet.
(Bree gasps out loud in shock.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette’s house]
(Lynette and Tom are busy preparing for a party.Tom is filling balloons with helium.As Lynette comes up next to him Tom breathes in some helium.)
Tom: (voice distorted) Hey, Sexy Momma.
Lynette: (laughing) That’s cute.
Tom:So you invited Kayla to Parker’s birthday party, right.
Lynette:Of course.
Tom: And?
Lynette:And?
Tom:What did you tell Nora?
Lynette:I told her that we were picking up Kayla for a quiet afternoon at home.
Tom:You lied?
Lynette:Yeah, your damn straight I lied.I will not have that lunatic ruining one more family gathering.

Tom:But Kayla’s gonna, you know, tell Nora that we had a party and I’m just afraid that Nora’s gonna blow a gasket. What?
Lynette:So what are you saying?You’re more afraid of Nora that you are of me?
Tom:Is, is that what you think I meant, because that is so not what I meant.You scare the hell out of me, Baby.
Lynette:Thank you.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Fairview Community Hospital - Jane’s Room]
(Ian is arranging flowers as Susan walks in carrying two cups.)
Susan:The coffee machines was broken so I got us a couple of smoothies.They had strawberry and strawberry.
Ian:Well, I hate strawberry, so give me the strawberry.
(Susan hands Ian the cup.She puts her purse down and goes to Jane’s bedside as Ian goes behind the curtain to arrange the flowers.)
Susan:Hi Jane.
Ian:Nothing against smoothies but I, I wouldn’t mind having some real food sometime.Maybe we could go to a restaurant.
Susan:Um, you mean like outside the hospital?
Ian:Yeah, you know, like a date.
(Susan spins quickly toward the curtain that Ian is behind.Her smoothie goes flying all over Jane.)
Susan:A date?Ahhhh.
Ian:There a bistro just down the street.
(Susan grabs gobs of kleenes and tries to clean Jane who is covered with smoothie.)
Susan: (whispers to Jane)Sorry.Ah, well, that sounds, ah, just, ah, that sounds great.
(Susan tries to pull the curtain to clean Jane but it won’t reach.)
Ian:I mean, I hope that’s okay?
Susan:Yeah, ah.
(Susan runs and grabs a blanket.She throws it over Jane.She tries to arrange it neatly just as Ian comes out with the arranged flowers.)
Ian:No, no, no, I was thinking about how that sounded just now.The, ah, date thing.Really sprang it on you out of nowhere.
Susan:Yes, you did.
(Ian looks down and sees the blanket covering Jane.)
Susan:Jane looked cold.
Ian:Oh. Thanks.Look, we’re both in difficult situations.I’ve been in mine a lot longer than you have so if you’re not ready, I understand.If you ever should be, let me know.
Susan:All right.Well, I am really hungry.
Ian:Well, let’s go to the blood bank and swipe some sugar cookies.
(As Ian and Susan leave the room a nurse walks in.Susan lags behind and whispers to the nurse.)
Susan:Oh, um, you might want to give Jane a sponge bath cause she had a little accident.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette’s Backyard]
(It’s decorated with balloon and party trimming.Kids are running, screaming, and playing.Phone rings and Lynette answers.)
Lynette:Hello.
Nora:Hey Lynette, it’s me.
Lynette:Hey, Nora.
Nora:Are you having a party?
(Lynette holds her hand over the phone and tries to silence everyone.Tom knows Nora is on the phone and he also tried to silence the kids.)
Lynette:Shhh, Shh, Quiet, Shush!
Tom: Quiet!
Lynette: (into the phone) No, no, no, of course not. In fact we’re just having a quiet afternoon at home.The kids are so bored Tom and I were thinking about taking them out for ice cream.
Nora: (angry) Well, would you tell Kayla that Mommy called to check on her.
Lynette:Oh, I will, I will.And I’ll see you tonight.
Nora:Okay, Bye.
Tom:You think she bought it?
Lynette:No, I think she’ll be over here in ten minutes.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette’s Backyard]
(Everyone is grabbing everything.Tom is pulling down the birthday signs.)
Lynette:Okay, now, move it.I’ve got ten bucks here for the kid who can carry the most stuff. Okay?
(The kids are all scrambling around grabbing stuff.)
(Lynette is on the phone.)
Lynette:Hey, Gaby, it’s Lynette.Got a little emergency.Is it okay if we use your backyard? Great, great, and we take full responsibility for whatever the pony does.Hope you get this message soon.Oh!
(Lynette sees more balloons and runs to grab them.) 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Paul Young’s House]
(Edie is giving a tour to a couple.)
Man:My only concern would be the neighborhood.We really need a quiet place for our retirement.
Edie:Oh, are you kidding.There’s no place in Fairview that’s more peaceful.
(Edie opens the front door.Lynette, Tom, a bunch of kids, a Clown are all running down the street carrying balloons and toys and screaming.)
Lynette:Okay, kids.Come on, Come on!
(Edie quickly closes the door.)
Edie: Let me show you the media room.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Gabrielle’s yard]
(Lynette is guiding all the kids into the yard.She and Tom close the gate.)
Lynette:Okay, all right, everybody’s in.
Tom:Where’s the cake.
Lynette:Oh, crap!
(Lynette takes off running.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette’s Kitchen]
(Lynette picks up the cake with candle on it, when she hears.)
Nora:Yoo Whoo!Anybody home?
(Nora enters the front door.Lynette puts the cake on the floor and kicks it so it slides into the laundry room.)
Nora:Hello?
Lynette:Hey, Nora, wow.We weren’t expecting you until seven.
Nora:So where’s Kayla?
Lynette:I thought I told you Tom took the kids to the movies.
Nora: (accusingly) You said ice cream.
Lynette:Ah hun, after the movies.Movies than ice cream.An American tradition.So is something wrong?
Nora:To be honest I thought that you were lying and having a party.
Lynette:Oh.
Nora:I guess I was wrong.
Lynette:Oh, apology accepted.You want me to walk you to your car?
(Just then a little boy with a party hat comes out of the bathroom.)
Little Boy:Where did everybody go?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette’s Front Porch]
(Nora comes storming out.Lynette follows.)
Lynette:Nora, look, I am sorry I lied.You know you gave me no choice.
Nora: Lynette, I want my daughter. Where’s the damn party?
Lynette: No, I’m not telling.
Nora:Where’s the party?
(Lynette shakes her head “no.”Just then Nora sees a red balloon floating out of Gabrielle’s back yard.They both take off running.Lynette passes Nora and blocks Gabrielle’s gate.)
Lynette:No, no, no, no.You want in you’re going to have to go through me.
Nora:I want my kid, Lynette. (screaming) KAYLA! KAYLA COME OUT HERE NOW!
(Tom comes out.)
Tom:What is going on?
Nora:Well, first you have a party and you don’t invite me.And then you lie about it.So now, we’re leaving.
(Kayla comes out.Tom holds her.)
Tom:Wait a minute, hold on, hold on, Kayla.I’m sorry.We’re sorry.We shouldn’t have done that.
(Lynette turns and looks at Tom, disgusted.)
Tom:But look, Kayla is having such a good time.Why don’t we all just come on in and have some cake and we can just....
(Lynette turns and begins to walk away.)
Tom: Lynette, Lynette.We can just have fun.Could you excuse me for one second.
(Tom runs after Lynette.)
Tom: Lynette, Lynette.Okay, okay, I know, but what else can I do?I’m just thinking of Kayla.
Lynette:I know you are Tom, and I know love her. Why else do you think I’m willing to put up with all this for six months?Why do you think I’m willing to say to my college roommates, ‘Yes, that’s my husband’s love child and her mother in our Christmas picture.Because I am your wife!You always come first with me.Do I still come first with you?
(Tom turns and marches back to Nora and Kayla.)
Tom:I guess I’ll see you later Nora.
Nora:Well, I’m taking Kayla.
Tom:Well, that’s a shame.I’ve gotta go hoist a pinata!
Kayla:Oh Mommy, they have a pinata!
Nora:FINE!I’ll be back at seven.But there had better be a corner piece of cake for me.
(Nora leaves.)
Tom: (to Kayla) Come on Kayla, go have some fun.
(Kayla runs back into the backyard.)
Lynette:Thank you for that.
Tom:Sure.I’ll be back in twenty minutes.
Lynette:Gonna go buy a pinata?
Tom:Sure am.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Gabrielle’s Bedroom]
(Gabrielle enters carrying a tray.)
Gabrielle:Come on out, I have your lunch.(turns the TV on)Xiao mei, your favorite soap is on.There’s a doctor fondling a patient on the operating table.You’re missing it! (walking around checking the room)Xiao mei! Xiao mei!
(Gabrielle runs to the closet.Opens it and it’s completely empty.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Villa Foster Apartment Complex] 
(Carlos is carrying in boxes from his car.Gabrielle drives up.)
Gabrielle:Hey!Quick question.Have you by any chance seen Xiao mei?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Chinatown]
(Carlos and Gabrielle are walking through the busy marketplace.)
Carlos:I can’t believe you lost our baby!
Gabrielle:I did not lose our baby.Stop saying that!I know exactly where it is!Inside some crazy Chinese woman!Who also stole half a chicken from my fridge!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Busy Chinese Restaurant]
(Gabrielle and Carlos walk in.Gabrielle approaches the owner.Lee Wang is carrying a plate of Moo Sho Pork.)
Gabrielle: Hi, hi, Lee Wang, right.Remember me.Xiao mei lives with me.You came over, we had lunch.
Lee:You got some nerve showing your face here! Get out!
Gabrielle:Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!Hey, what happened to that famous Chinese hospitality?
Lee:Xiao mei called me.She said you threatened to send her back to China to work as a slave in the rice patty!
Gabrielle:I may have mentioned deportation but I didn’t think she’d take it personally.
Carlos:Are you crazy?
Gabrielle:It was banter!I mean, has this country come to the point where you can’t joke with the help?
(Gabrielle taps Lee’s arm with her purse.)
Lee:You treat Xiao mei like dirt!She’s just a poor innocent girl trying to live the American dream, just like your ancestors!
Gabrielle:Oh, don’t give me that ‘we are the world’ crap!That woman’s uterus is harboring a stolen baby!So if you know where she is you’d better start taking, or else I’m going to get the Health Department down her and get a closer look at what you’re serving as Moo Sho Pork!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Outside the restaurant]
(Carlos and Gabrielle walk out.The front of Gabrielle’s shirt is covered with Moo Sho Pork.Gabrielle walks as though nothing happened.Carlos is smirking.)
Gabrielle:Boy, those people just don’t have a sense of humor, do they?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Paul Young’s House]
(Edie is showing the house to two young men.)
Edie:I’m telling you at this number it’s not going to last long.
Young Man # 1:Well, we like the neighborhood but we’ve heard that some odd things have gone on with this house.
Edie:Complete fabrications.Malicious lies fed by jealous competitors.Now you’ve got to check out this storage. You’re not going to believe what you can fit in here.
(Edie opens the downstairs closet.Xiao mei is sitting in the closet with a plate of food.She makes the shushing motion to Edie, who quickly closes the door.)
Edie:And now the media room.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Bree’s Kitchen]
(Bree is carrying in two bowls.Orson is right behind her.)
Bree:Wow, we certainly devoured that ice cream.Can I get you anything else?
(Orson puts his arms around Bree from behind and begins kissing her neck.)
Orson:You tell me.
Bree:Hummm.Orson.
Orson:Humm. 
(Bree turns and he kisses her.He begins untying her blouse.)
Bree: Ummm.Ummm.I thought we...Orson?
Orson:Hum?I just assumed now that we’re engaged.
Bree: Does that change our core values?
Orson:No.But when I saw you standing in front of the freezer in a clingy silk dress; let’s just say, well, you challenged me.
Bree: (retying her blouse) Well, I thought we agreed we wanted our wedding night to be perfect.
Orson:Yes.Actors want opening night to be perfect so that’s why they rehearse.
Bree:Hum.It will be better this way.Now can I get you some more ice cream?
Orson:Not in that dress.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Fairview Community Hospital]
(Susan enters Mike’s room.She lays down on the bed next to Mike.)
Susan:Hi.Um.So I need to ask you something. Ian, you know, from across the hall.You met him.Anyway, he sort of asked me out on a date.I know you’re thrown, I was thrown too.But he’s really nice and I could sort of use someone to talk to, who also talks back.The thing is I’m sort of lonely.The past six months have been really hard on me.So what I need is, I need to know if it okay with you if I go out with him.Because if it’s not, I won’t.In fact I’d like nothing better than for you to just wake up right now and tell me not to go out with him.Just wake up and tell me!Wake up! (pleading)Please!
(Susan puts her head on Mike’s chest.) 
Susan:Oh.All right.I’ll see you tomorrow.
(She leans over and kisses him.)
Susan:I love you.(Leaving)It is really just dinner.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Carlos’ Apartment Building]
(Gabrielle, on the phone, is parked in front.) 
Gabrielle:I’m just dropping off Carlos now and I’ll be by to pick her up.Okay, thanks Edie. (hangs up)Xiao mei’s fine.Crisis averted, no harm, no foul.
Carlos:How can you say that?You endangered the life of our baby today.
Gabrielle: Don’t you dare give me that attitude.You have no idea what I’ve been going through this past six months.
Carlos:Ah..here we go.
Gabrielle:I have had to wait hand and foot on your mistress.I mean imagine if the day after you found out about John Rowland you had to make his lunch and rub his feet!
Carlos: (getting out of the car) Well, John Rowland wasn’t carrying our kid!Forgive me for being concerned about our surrogate.
Gabrielle:Xiao mei is going to be fine!Once that baby comes her slate is going to be wiped clean.She’s going to walk away and live her American dream!Me?I’m going to be stuck!A single mother raising a child alone.Haggling with lawyers over who gets the kid at Christmas.My American dream is officially dead.
Carlos:I’m sorry.
Gabrielle:Thank you.
Carlos:Just so you know, my dream isn’t....
(Gabrielle speeds away.Tires are screeching.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Bree’s Kitchen]
(Orson is at the sink wearing gloves scrubbing out wine glasses.Bree enters talking on the phone.)
Bree: Okay, so we will see you Saturday and please pretend to be surprised.Bye.
(Bree hangs up.)
Orson: Told someone else?Bree, I thought the whole point of the party was to announce our engagement.
Bree:I just can’t help it.I like telling people.Makes me feel, I don’t know.Makes me feel like I’m starting over.Feels good.
Orson:Feels good to me too.
(He turns to kiss her.He puts his gloved hand behind his back.)
Orson:Ahh.No hands, see!
(They kiss.Bree looks as the glasses Orson is washing.)
Bree:You don’t have to wash those.I already did them. 
Orson:Oh I found some streaks.I’m wiping them down with undiluted red wine vinegar.
Bree:I’ve never heard that.
Orson:Oh sure.And for tougher spots I use a fifty fifty mix of denatured alcohol and water.And for those really intractable stains, I mean, we’re talking shower doors, I wipe on laquer thinner with a towel.
(Bree is breathing heavy and starting at Orson.)
Orson:Bree?
(Bree grabs Orson and kisses him passionately.She drags him into the bedroom.The kitchen faucet is still on.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Bree’s Bedroom]
(Bree and Orson are on the bed kissing.They begin undressing.Orson starts kissing Bree moving lower and lower.) 
Bree:Ahh, excuse me.
Orson:Huh?
Bree: Did you lose something?
Orson:No, I just thought, for you.
Bree:Oh!Um.I don’t do that.
Orson:Why not?
Bree:I’m a Republican!
Orson:I’m a Libraterian.I believe in minimizing the role of the State and maximizing individual rights.
Bree:But Orson!
Orson:Trust me.I know what I’m doing.
Bree:Okay.
(Orson goes back down.)
[Bree’s Kitchen Sink] (The faucet is pouring into a cup.The cup overflows into a bowl.The bowl overflows into a dish. The dish overflows into the sink.The sink fills up and the water overflows onto the floor.)
[Bree’s Bedroom]
(Bree sits up quickly and gasps.)
Bree:Ah.Oh, no!
Orson:What?You didn’t just crack that veneer again, did you?
Bree: (getting out of bed) I have to go.
Orson: Go? Go where?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Doctor’s Office] 
(A female doctor is examining Bree.)
Bree:And then it was like something inside ruptured.Well, not so much a rupture as a spasm.Waves of this hot, clutching.I think I might have had a small stroke!
Doctor:How severe were the pains?
Bree: Well, that’s the odd thing.I mean there was no pain, per se, in fact, it wasn’t entirely unpleasant.
Doctor:What were you doing at the time?
Bree: I was, ah, with my fiance.We were lying down, resting.
Doctor:I’m gonna take a wild swing here.Were you having sex?
Bree:Sort of.
Doctor:Ms. Van de Kamp, I think you may have had an orgasm.
Bree:No, no, no.I’ve had orgasms before.
Doctor:Hum.How would you describe them?
Bree:Oh you know, that warm sensation, that tingling feeling of relief when it’s over.No, no, this was much...
Doctor:Better?
Bree: Yes.
Doctor:That’s cause it was, an orgasm.
Bree:Oh.Well, I’ll be darn.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Wisteria Lane – Raining - Night]
(A woman with an umbrella is walking toward Bree’s house.) 
[Bree’s Living Room]
(Guests are there for Bree and Orson’s party.Many guests are mingling.) 
Gabrielle:Phanding out a drink) Here you go.
(Julie is looking at Bree’s engagement ring.)
Julie:It’s beautiful.
Mrs. McCluskey:Oh my goodness.
(Doorbell rings.Bree goes to answer the door.Carolyn Bixby is standing there.)
Bree:Hi, can I help you?
Carolyn:Are you Bree Van de Kamp?
Bree: Yes, and you are?
Carolyn: Carolyn Bixby.I was Orson’s neighbor.
Bree:Oh well, come on in.Let’s dry you off and get you a drink.
(Carolyn follows Bree into the living room.)
Carolyn:I didn’t come here to celebrate.
Orson:Carolyn.
Carolyn:Engaged again?That was quick work.Does she know you killed your wife?
Orson:My wife left me!
Carolyn:And no one ever heard from her again.Not me, not her family.Just dropped off the face of the Earth.
Bree:Orson, what is she talking about?
Carolyn: Didn’t tell you that part, did he?
Orson:All right Carolyn.You’ve made your little speech.
Carolyn:You keep your hands off me.Don’t let him fool you.Get away from him now while you can.
(Bree goes to the front door.)
Bree: Please leave my house.
Carolyn:Fine.Be a fool.Marry him.Just don’t be surprised when you go missing too.
(Carolyn leaves.Bree closes the door and walks into the kitchen as the shocked guests watch. Orson follows her into the kitchen.)
Orson:I’m sorry you had to endure that.
Bree:Your wife disappeared?
Orson:I tried to find her.Her family claimed not to have heard from her.Personally I think she was just trying to punish me.
Bree:So are you still married?
Orson:No.I was granted a divorce on the grounds of abandonment. (taking Bree’s hand, squeezing it) Bree,you can’t possibly think that....
Bree:No, of course not.I love you.
Orson:And I love you.
Bree:Orson, my hand.
(He lets go and Bree walks away.Susan, Lynette and Gabrielle are talking in the living room as Bree walks in.) 
Bree:The buffet is open.
Susan:Bree?
(Bree holds up her hand stopping Susan.The guest walks up to the table.)
(Later, the platters on the table are empty and the guests are gone.Bree walks out of the kitchen with a full trash bag.) 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Bree’s Front Yard]
(She walks outside into the rain to the trashcans on the curb.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:Every storm brings with it hope.That somehow by morning everything will be made clean again.And even the most troubling stains will have disappeared. 
(Bree stands in the rain by the trashcans.Orson comes out and stares at her.)
Mary Alice Voiceover: Like the doubts over his innocence. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette Front Porch]
(Lynette runs up and goes in the door.She sees Kayla and Tom playing in the living room.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:Or the consequence of his mistake. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Gabrielle’s House]
(Gabrielle walks in the front door.Xiao mei is sitting at the table eating.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:Like the scars of his betrayal. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Susan’s House]
(Susan walks in.She sits next to a picture of Mike and her in happy times.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:Or the memory of his kiss. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Bree’s House]
(Bree is still standing in the rain.Orson walks back into the house.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:So we wait for the storm to pass hoping for the best. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Fairview Country Club – Construction Site]
(The pouring rain is causing the mud to run.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:Even though we know in our hearts some stains are so indelible, nothing can wash them away. 
(Panning up the mud, a hand is sticking out of the mud.)
~THE END~

