DESPERATE HOUSEWIVES

1X05 - COME IN STRANGER

------------------------------------------------------------

Mary Alice Voiceover: Previously on Desperate Housewives-

[INT -School-Day] 

(Lynette and the boys' teacher are talking after they've painted a girl blue) 

Teacher: The boys are in my class because I'm the only teacher that can handle them. 

(shots of Lynette dragging one of the twins who is holding on to a table for dear life) 

Teacher: We may no longer be able to accommodate them. 

Mary Alice Voiceover: Ultimatums were made-

[INT-Young House-Living Room-Night] 

(Zach is sat on the floor of the living room and he's spinning the barrel of a gun round. His dad watches him) 

Zach: Mom used this to kill herself. Why would you keep it? 

Mary Alice Voiceover: Questions were asked- 

[EXT -Young House -Night] 

(Zach answers the door. He's got the gun behind his back.) 

Bree: Are you okay? 

[INT-Scavo House-Kitchen -Day] 

(The girls are sitting around drinking coffee.) 

Gabrielle: I think he's hiding something. 

[INT-Delfino House -Night] 

(Shots of Mike on the phone and has a gun of his own) 

Mary Alice Voiceover: ?And lots of evidence was uncovered 

(Shots of diagrams of Wisteria Lane on Mike's wall, listing the houses, who lives where and the ages of the children.There are also photos of Gabrielle, Carlos, Julie and Susan) 

[INT-Solis House -Bedroom -Day] 

(shot of Carlos discovering John's sock under the bed) 

[INT-Young House -Night] 

(shot of the letter I know what you did.It makes me sick. I'm going to tell. The shot expands and we see the PI reading the note) 

PI: Exactly what is it you hired me to do?

Paul:Someone sent that note to my wife and I need to know who. 

[INT -Supermarket -Day] 

(Susan is at the checkout when Mike talks to her.) 

Mike: You like Alfred Hitchcock? 

(Susan looks up at Mike.) 

[INT -Mayer House -Kitchen-Night] 

(Mrs Huber has dropped by to give Susan a pie and blackmail her. She takes out of her bag the charred measuring cup) 

Mrs Huber: I found it in the ruins of Edie's home. 

(Susan doesn't know what to say) 

[INT-Solis House-Stairs - Day] 

(Carlos confronts Gabrielle with the discovered sock) 

Carlos: I found it under our bed. It's not mine. 

(Gabrielle shows Carlos the cleaning cupboard with the socks) 

Mary Alice Voiceover: Talk about dirty laundry. 

END OF RECAP 

[EXT -Wisteria Lane-Day] 

(Shots of Julie riding her bike past an old woman) 

Mary Alice Voiceover: Every neighbourhood has a woman like Alberta Fome. 

(Mrs Fome goes out to collect her mail.) 

Mary Alice Voiceover: And every woman like Mrs Fome has a cat. 

(we see the cat through the window) 

[INT-Mrs Fome's House -Bedroom -Day] 

(Shots of the cat walking over an open suitcase. It's packed with clothes.) 

Mary Alice Voiceover: When she travelled, Mrs Fome would arrange for friends to look after her beloved pet. 

(shots of Mrs Fome stoking the cat at the table. She is on the phone trying to arrange for a friend to look after the cat.) 

Mrs Fome: (on the phone) Thanks anyway. 

(She hangs up the phone and crosses another name off her list of people to ask. The last name on the list is Susan Mayer) 

Mary Alice Voiceover: This time, she was forced to ask her neighbour Susan Mayer. 

[EXT -Mayer House -Day] 

(The doorbell rings and Susan answers it to Mrs Fome) 

Mary Alice Voiceover: Mrs Fome liked Susan. But it was common knowledge on Wisteria Lane that wherever Susan Mayer went, bad luck was sure to follow. 

(Underneath this Mrs Fome is asking Susanto look after her cat. She's nervous asking at first. And when Susan agrees she looks positively worried for her cat's well being) 

[EXT-Wisteria Lane-Outside Mayer House-Day] 

(Shot of Susan backing the car out of the driveway. She hits her dustbin) 

Mary Alice Voiceover: Her misfortunes ranged from the common place- 

(Susan looks out of the window at the bin on its side) 

[EXT-Wedding Reception-Day] 

Mary Alice Voiceover: -To the unusual- 

(Susan is dressed in a gorgeous pink dress, she's flirting with a guy in a tux and goes to lean against a table. As she does, the table upends and she ends up on the floor with the contents of the table (including the wedding cake) all over her.) 

[EXT-Mayer House -Garden - Day] 

Mary Alice Voiceover: -To the truly bizarre. 

(Susan is on a stool filling her bird feeder. A bird flutters around her head and she waves her arms to shoo it away.It doesn't go and she ends up jumping off the stool trying to get away from the bird that is attacking her.) 

[EXT :Wisteria Lane -Outside Mrs Fome's House-Day] 

(Mrs Fome is in a taxi, about to drive away, she seems nervous. She's looking back at Susan, who is holding her cat,waving its paw as its owner drives away) 

Mary Alice Voiceover: As she waved goodbye, she worried that Susan's streak of bad luck would continue. For that matter, so did her cat. 

(Susan walks away with the cat, and the scene changes to a shot of Mrs Fome's house in the dark.) 

[INT-Mrs Fome's House -Night] 

(Susan and Julie enter Mrs Fome's house to feed the cat) 

Susan: (calls for the cat) Mr Whiskars.

Julie: Here kitty.

Susan Dinner time. Here kitty, kitty, kitty! 

(Susan and Julie stop looking for the cat, when they enter the kitchen and see a lot of the drawers are open) 

Susan: Cats can open drawers, can they?

Julie: Are you sure you didn't leave them open this morning?

Susan: Noway.

Julie: Wow.Do you think somebody broke in? 

(Susan's about to answer, when they see a large screwdriver on the kitchen table. Susan look worried) 

Susan: MR WHISKERS!!! 

(Susan and Julie both start frantically calling for the cat and search through different rooms to find him) 

(The shot focuses on a door to a cupboard. We see the door open and we pan down to see the shoes of an intruder.The male intruder creeps to the door, and we see the cat follow and sneak out,with the intruder closing the door behind him) 

Mary Alice Voiceover: Though she didn't know it at the time Susan's luck-

(we see the intruder open the door again,and put the cat back inside the house) 

Mary Alice Voiceover: ..had finally started to change. 

OPENING CREDITS 

[EXT -Wisteria Lane -Night] 

(Shots of people all streaming towards the Scavo house) 

Mary Alice Voiceover: News that an intruder had breached the security of Wisteria Lane spread like wildfire. 

[INT-Scavo House ?Kitchen-Night] 

(Shots of people milling around, helping themselves to coffee and cakes) 

Mary Alice Voiceover: At a neighbourhood watch meeting the next night, residents voiced their concerns over the increasing dangers their community faced. 

(we watch Mike make himself coffee, and then go to find a seat with all the others) 

(shot of an old woman talking to the gathered crowd) 

Mary Alice Voiceover: Mrs Eida Greenberg announced that someone was looking through her bathroom window whenever she took a shower. 

(shot of a geeky looking man talking to the gathered crowd) 

Mary Alice Voiceover: Bob Fisk warned those present that an unnamed government agency was listening in to their phone conversations. 

(shot of a large, motherly looking woman talking to the gathered crowd)

Mary Alice Voiceover: Helen veil spoke of a ruthless local teenage gang that had egged her mini van. 

(the shot pans down to see a teenage boys quashed in between his parents on a sofa. He squirms, afraid of being caught out about the egging.) 

(Shot of a policeman giving a presentation to the assembled people, who are all watching attentively.) 

Policeman: There are three things that contribute to... (we can't hear what he says during the VO) 

Mary Alice Voiceover: The evening concluded with Officer Thompson offering safety tips and a plan of action. 

Policeman:So you can sign up for a situation you have control over.

(He hands a clipboard to Lynette.) 

Policeman:You can sign up for either daily or nightly patrols. I know that might seem a bit like overkill, but I assure you. 

(Susan watches Lynette hand out the clipboard. She looks over her shoulder and smiles and waves at Mike. His halfhearted response makes her turn back, disappointed.) 

Policeman:That regular surveillance will deter even the most determined criminal. So are there any other questions? Alright then, let's be careful out there. 

(everyone claps.) 

(Susan gets up and talks to the policeman.) 

Susan: Actually I do have a question. Do you have a second?

Policeman:Sure, how can I help?

Susan: Well,I'm the one who discovered the break in and I think I found some evidence.

Policeman:Evidence? 

(Susan pulls a screwdriver in a large clear plastic bag out of her purse and hands it to the policeman.) 

Susan: I think this is a screwdrivert left behind by the burglar. And I didn't touch it.

Policeman: Why didn't you give this to the investigating officers?

Susan: I tried! But they sort of laughed at me, because apparently nothing was taken from Mrs Fome's house.

Policeman:Well, I apologise for that. It was totally unprofessional.

Susan: Thank you! So do you think it should be dusted for prints?

Policeman:Yes. And I'll make sure it gets done. 

(we see Mike watching the two of them.He doesn't look amused.) 

Susan:Great. 

(the cop smiles at Susan. Susan gives him a little smile, then leaves.) 

Susan: Bye. 

[INT-Scavo House -Living Room -Night] 

(It's later on and the meeting is over.Bree is helping to pack up the folding chairs, Susan is collecting the paper cups. The others are helping to clear up, whilst the twins are jumping on the sofa, having a pillow fight.) 

Lynette:Boys! Stop it! Go to bed. 

(the boys don't stop.) 

Preston: But we're not tired.

Lynette: Well,at least go upstairs.. 

(She realises what she's holding, and holds out the half full bag of crisps to the boys. The boys see what she's holding and stop.) 

Preston: Gimme! Gimme! 

(Both boys reach for the crisps and Lynette backs away from them, towards the stairs. She throws the bag upstairs and the boys chase after them.) 

Lynette: GO!GO, GO!

Preston: C' on.

Porter: I'm right behind you. 

(Bree looks on disapprovingly at what she's just witnessed. When Lynette turns around and catches her look, she puts her hands up as if she's not going to say anything. Lynette looks pretty happy with the way she handled her kids though!!) 

[INT -Scavo House - Kitchen -Night] 

(Gabrielle and Susan are continuing to clean.) 

Gabrielle:So why weren't you sitting with Mike tonight? I thought you two were becoming an item.

Susan: I thought we were too. But he's been giving a lot of mixed signals.

Gabrielle:I'll tell you who wasn't giving mixed signals, was that sexy Officer Thompson.He was staring at you all night.

Susan: You noticed that?

Gabrielle:Honey, trust me. When they're not staring at me, I notice. 

(Susan laughs.) 

[INT-Scavo House -Living Room -Night] 

Lynette: I really do appreciate you guys staying and helping.

Bree: Oh,please! I would have hosted it myself, only the kids are going away to the mountains tomorrow and there's camping equipment everywhere.

Lynette:That's nice of you. And since we're talking about it, there's something else nice I'd like you to do. Your kids both went to Barcliff Academy, didn't they?

Bree: (very proudly) Yes.

Lynette: We need you to recommend Porter and Preston. We can't even get an interview.

Bree: Oh,you want me to recommend the twins?

Lynette:Yes, you can tell them how beautifully behaved the boys are.

Bree: So you want me to lie?

Lynette:Yeah. I thought that was understood.

Bree: It's just that I'm very well respected at Barcliff, and my word won't be good there anymore.

Lynette:Yes, but by the time they realise their mistake we'll be in. 

(Bree doesn't look too pleased about what she's been asked to do.) 

Lynette:You're not having any more kids. What do you care?

Bree: Well,I had hoped someday to get my grandchildren into Barcliff. But I suppose that doesn't matter to you, does it?

Lynette: It really doesn't. 

(Gabrielle and Susan are taking out bags of rubbish in the background. When they open the door, they hear shouting from across the street at the Young house. Bree and Lynette join them at the door.) 

Gabrielle: Paul and Zach are fighting again.

Lynette:That's the second time this week. They never used to fight like that when Mary Alice was alive.

Susan: It's a shame. They used to be such a happy family.

Bree: Just because you didn't hear them fighting doesn't mean they were happy. 

(They all look at Bree-wondering if there's anything else to what she's saying.) 

[EXT -Wisteria Lane -Day] 

(opening shots of wisteria lane, with people milling about in red hats and over a sign saying neighbourhood watch area) 

Mary Alice Voiceover: The next day as residents began to patrol Wisteria Lane in the hope of foiling potential burglars, Gabrielle was about to experience a home invasion of her own.

(we see a taxi driving down WisteriaLane. It pulls into the Solis driveway. Gabrielle comes outside. She 

wasn't expecting anyone and is confused about who it could be. A look of horror crosses her face when she sees it's-)

Gabrielle:Mama Solis! 

(her mother in law) 

Gabrielle:What are you doing here?

Mama Solis:I came to visit my son and daughter in law. What does it look like?

Gabrielle: Does Carlos know you are coming?

Mama Solis: No.He likes to be surprised. 

(Mama Solis drops her bags at her side and holds her arms out to Gabrielle.) 

Mama Solis: Now come, Gabrielle. 

(Gabrielle awkwardly goes to hug her mother in law.) 

Mama Solis: Family should always hug. (she bends in to whisper in Gabrielle's ear.) regardless of how they feel about each other. 

(Gabrielle pats her mother in law on the shoulder. Mama Solis walks off into the house, leaving Gabrielle to think about the awful time she'a going to have in the next few days with her here.) 

[INT -Barcliff Academy -Day] 

(we see a folder with a posh crest on it. the folder is opened to reveal Preston's application form for the school.(the twins' birthday is the 27th February 1998). We see that Lynette and Tom are at an interview for the school. The headmaster is looking through the file. He stops to give Lynette a distasteful look when she is tapping her hand on her bag. Lynette isn't the only nervous one, as Tom nervously looks around the room we see a selection of photographs of the headmaster on his yacht.) 

Tom: (re the boat) Wow. She's a beauty. Is that a 30 footer?

Headmaster: (without looking up from the file) 32.

Tom: Sweet.I sail. I've got a Flying Scot. 

Headmaster:Well, we have several yachting enthusiasts here at Barcliff Academy. I'll be happy to introduce them to you. 

(Tom and Lynette take this as a good sign and burst into smiles.) 

Lynette: Oh,that sounds great.

Tom:Wonderful.

Headmaster: If we decide to enrol your children. 

(Smiles fade) 



Headmaster: Tobe honest, Mr and Mrs Scavo, your children's educational background is a bit more common than we would prefer, but Mrs Van Der Kamp mentioned they were identical twins?

Lynette:Yes. Completely identical. You can't tell them apart. They're like bookends. 

Headmaster: We do strive for diversity here at Barcliff. Identical twins could make for an interesting addition.

Lynette: The boys are fascinating. They even have their own twin secret language, don't they,Tom?

Tom: Yeah,yeah. It's pretty scary.

Lynette: It's not really so much scary as highly developed.

Tom: Yeah,they bark and growl at each other-

Lynette:Sorry, Tom, Mr Lenz was trying to say something. Mr Lenz?

Tom: Sorry. Go ahead, Mr. Lenz.

Headmaster:I'd love to meet these twins of yours. I tell you what, I'm going to put them on our must-meet list.

Tom: Terrific.

Lynette:Thank you so much. 

(They are laugh and are really excited.) 

Lynette:What is a must-meet list?

Headmaster:We bring them in for observation.

Lynette:Ooo-observation? 

Headmaster: Uh-huh.To see how they play with the other children, how they respond to authority.That kind of thing. 

(Fake smiles plastered all around for Tom and Lynette.) 

Tom: Great.

Lynette:That's wonderful. 

[INT -Van Der Kamp House -Kitchen -Day] 

(Bree is packing sandwiches for Andrewand Danielle's trip.) 

Rex: Hey.

Bree: Hi.

Rex: Kids ready?

Bree:Almost. Thanks again for driving them to the bus.

Rex: Happy to do it. I miss them. 

(They look at each other sadly.) 

Bree: Did you hear there was a break in at Mrs Fome's the other night?

Rex: Yeah. I heard they didn't take anything.

(Rex pours himself a cup of coffee.) 

Bree: Well,that doesn't make it any less frightening. I mean, he could have been a sexual predator.

Rex: What?And he ended up at Mrs Fome's? Boy, that would have been a lose-lose situation.

Bree: Oh,Rex! That's not the point. 

(Bree fixes Rex's tie and jacket lapels.) 

Bree: The point is I don't feel safe here, and I was wondering if you would spend the night.

Rex: You're in the NRA, you own like four guns! If somebody broke in I'd expect you to protect me.

Bree: (sighs) Rex, the truth is, with the kids gone I'll be all by myself in this house for the first time in seventeen years.

Rex: Honey,I know it's hard to hear, but the marriage counselling may not work out. You need to get used to being alone.

Bree: You're right. That was hard to hear. 

(She turns away from him. Rex reaches for a sandwich, but Bree takes it off him.) 

Rex: What are you doing?

Bree: That is for the kids' trip.

Rex: Oh,come on! I'm staying in a motel! I haven't had a decent meal in weeks.

Bree: (with a sarcastic twist and fake smile on her face) Honey, the marriage counselling might not work out, you need to get used to bad cooking. 

(Rex almost smiles, knowing she got him good.) 

[EXT -Wisteria Lane -Outside Mayer House-Day] 

(Susan is watering her plants when a cop car pulls up behind her.) 

Officer Thompson: Hey. 

(Susan turns.) 

Officer Thompson: Screwdriver girl. 

(Susan laughs) 

Officer Thompson: I just came by to tell you that I took your evidence into the lab for fingerprints.

Susan: Oh,really? That's great.

Officer Thompson: So I'll call you if I hear something.

Susan: Okay. 

(Susan accidentally sets off the sprinkler she was using, wetting Officer Thompson)

Susan: Whoops,sorry. 

(they both laugh.) 

Officer Thompson: Actually, I'd like to call you anyway if that's okay.

Susan: Oh!Uh, you seem like a really sweet guy, in an interesting line of work. But I um(looks across the street to Mike's house) I'm not really available.

Officer Thompson: Oh ,(Crosses his arms) you have a boyfriend?

Susan: Yeah.Sort of.

Officer Thompson: Sort of? 

Susan: It's hard to explain. Even to myself.

Voice (on Officer Thompson's radio): Just incoming, we have a 907A in progress at Maple Street.

Officer Thompson: (to the radio) 10-4 I'm on my way. (to Susan) I gotta go. Apparently there's a hostage situation. (he's not serious.)

Susan: (playing along) Oh wow.

Officer Thompson: So you're really turning me down? Boy, my self esteem can't take this.

Susan: I'm sorry.

Officer Thompson: Oh, no. It's just that now my ability to help those hostages has been compromised. Still don't blame yourself for what might happen.

Susan: (Smiling)Blame myself???

Officer Thompson: Yeah, it's just hard to rescue folks when you don't feel good about yourself. (waves his hand as if it doesn't matter and walks away.)Ah, they'll probably all die anyway.

Susan: (Laughing out loud) Okay, fine I'll go out with you.

Officer Thompson: Great. I'll call you.

Susan: Now that you've gotten your date, can you tell me what that really mean -that 907A?

Officer Thompson: Someone's TV was playing too loud.

Susan: (joking) Well thank god for the thin blue line!

Officer Thompson: I'll call you. 

(He drives away, and Susan goes back to watering her plants. She squirts herself with the hose.) 

[INT-Solis House-Day] 

(Carlos and his mother are talking to each other in Spanish.) 

(Gabrielle comes downstairs.) 

Gabrielle:I'll be outside doing my yoga.

Carlos: (to his mother) (something in Spanish)I'll be right back. 

(Carlos goes after Gabrielle, who is rolling out her yoga mat on the porch.) 

Carlos: Do you have to do that now? My mother is here.

Gabrielle: (Hands on hips, being stubborn) Hey! I'm not going to stop my life just because she decides to show up. Unannounced, I might add.

Carlos: She's family. She doesn't need an invitation.

Gabrielle:Yeah, well, whatever. It's rude. 

(Gabrielle reaches up to do her sun-salutations and closes her eyes, trying to focus. Carlos storms back inside. He finds his mother sitting down knitting.) 

Carlos: It's real pretty, Mama. You were always good with your hands.

Mama Solis:So (some Spanish term of endearment), I assume you didn't insist that I travel 2,000 miles for small talk. So why am I here? 

(Carlos looks out the window at his wife doing yoga. He thinks before he answers)

Carlos: She isn't happy.

Mama Solis : (encouragingly) mm-hmm.

Carlos: I've given her everything she ever wanted, but it doesn't seem to make a difference.I fear we are drifting further and further away. 

(Carlos is getting more upset with everything he admits to his mother. His head drops low for this last part.) 

Carlos: And lately I've started thinking that maybe she could be...

Mama Solis: You think she's cheating on you. 

(Carlos nods. His eyes tear.) 

Carlos: I think so. 

(He breaks down. Mama Solis looks at him and gets up as if she's going to comfort her hurt child. But Mama Solis slaps him across the face.) 

Mama Solis:We can talk about your problems. But I'm not going to have any of that. (some Spanish words)

Carlos:Sorry, mama. 

(Mama Solis sits down. She's coming upwith a plan.) 

Mama Solis: Do you have any proof?

Carlos: No.No, it's just a feeling.

Mama Solis:I had that feeling with your father and that whore waitress. And I was right.Always trust your feelings.

Carlos: So what do I do?

Mama Solis:You don't do anything. I'll take care of it.

Carlos:Thank you, Mama.

Mama Solis:I'm sorry I had to hit you. But we're strong people, and we don't cry about our problems. 

(She looks behind her out the window at Gabrielle.) 

Mama Solis:We find ways to fix them. 

[EXT-Wisteria Lane-Day] 

(Shots of groups of two people patrolling Wisteria Lane)

Mary Alice Voiceover: Whilst the residents of Wisteria Lane kept up their patrols in an effort to prevent future break-ins, Lynette hatched a plan to break her children into Barcliff Academy. 

[INT-Scavo House-The Twin's Bedroom-Day] 

(The twins are fast asleep in bed, when their mom wakes them up.) 

Lynette:Boys? Wake up. 

(She prods Preston to wake him, and then pulls Porter by the ankles out from under the covers.) 

Lynette: You're going to have some fun today. 

(sounds of complaint from the boys who just want to go back to sleep) 

Lynette: (to Preston) Hey.

Preston: Hi. 

[EXT-Wisteria Lane-Outside Scavo House-Day] 

(We see the twins are doing lots of star jumps. Next we see them racing down the street and Lynette rides past them on a bike) 

Lynette: (encouraging them to run faster)C'on! I got you beat! 

(Next we see the boys doing sprints,back and fore, touching the ground when they reach each end. Next 

they're dragging their mother along the ground on a sled as she shouts encouragement to them to pull harder.) 

Lynette:Yes, yes, come on! 

(next we see the boys digging in the Scavo backyard. There are multiple shots, each with the boys a little further into the hole. We see Lynette lying on a sun lounger reading and drinking iced tea as the boys complain.) 

Preston: Mom?We're tired.

Porter: How much longer do we have to do this?

Lynette: I can still see your heads. The pool's not deep enough. 

(The boys heads pop up over the edge of the hole. Once they realise they're getting a pool they start digging again with no complaints. Lynette smiles, she knew they'd fall for that trick) 

[INT-Barcliff Academy-Day] 

(It's the twins' meeting day. The headmaster and Lynette stand outside the room the boys are in watching them.) 

Headmaster: Are your boys usually so docile? 

(we see the boys. They're both sitting quietly at a table. One of the boys' eyes are drooping and the other's head is practically on the table.)

Lynette:They're always a little shy at first. 

(One of the twins gets hit on the head with a ball. He doesn't even move.) 

Lynette: Look at that concentration. Porter loves his puzzles.

Headmaster:Hmm. 

(Lynette smiles, pleased her plan worked.) 

[INT-Solis House-Day] 

(Gabrielle's mobile goes off. She pulls it out of her purse and reads the text message. It says "meet me at the motel".Gabrielle looks back at her mother law and decides to leave.) 

Gabrielle:Mama, I'll be right back. I'm going to the store. 

(Mama Solis looks at her as she leaves.) 

[EXT-Wisteria Lane-Outside Solis House-Day] 

(Gabrielle puts her sunglasses on and is about to leave, when Mama Solis runs after her -she's not going to leave her alone.) 

Mama Solis: Gabrielle!I'm coming with you. I wanna make some tamales for Carlos.

Gabrielle: You know, Juanita, I'm not going to the supermarket. I'm going to the lingerie store.

Mama Solis: Good.I need some bras.

Gabrielle: I may be a while. And I may get a facial.

Mama Solis:I have a face. 

(Gabrielle gives up and let's her mother in law into the car.) 

[EXT-Wisteria Lane -Outside Delfinohouse -Day] 

(Mike is moving boxes out of the back of his truck.) 

Susan: Hey,Mike.

Mike: Hey,hows it going?

Susan: Good.I just came by to say hello.

Mike: (joking) Hello. 

(Susan gives a little laugh, then launches into why she really came over.) 

Susan: So you member that cop from the neighbourhood watch meeting ? He agreed to run a fingerprint check on the screwdriver I found at Mrs Fome's house.

Mike: He did? (he puts the box down) Nothing was taken.

Susan: Still somebody broke in, it is a crime. So the weird thing is, the cop asked me out.On a date. 

Mike: Oh?

Susan: And I sort of said Yes. I was sort of curious what you thought about that. 

(Mike looks confused and uncomfortable to be talking about this. He goes back to working under the bonnet of his car, so he doesn't have to face her.) 

Mike: You're asking my permission to go out with him?

Susan: No.no. I just uh, was wondering your opinion.

Mike: I don't really have one.

(Susan seems disappointed by this.) 

Susan: Okay.Great. Fine.Thank you. 

Mike: Susan,wait. Wait. I'm sorry. My life, it's just ah, really complicated right now-

Susan: You don't have to explain. 

(she walks away) 

Mike: Susan!

Susan: (over her shoulder) It's complicated. I get it.

(Mike is angry at himself. He throws his rag down. He goes into the garage and moves the box again. Behind it we see a rack of tools. One of his set of screwdrivers is missing.) 

[INT-Young House-Living Room-Day] 

(Bree knocks on the door) 

Bree: Paul? 

(The door is open, so she enters and sees Zach sitting on the floor with his back to her, moving a scrubbing brush repeatedly over the same spot.) 

Bree: Oh, hi,Zachery. I'm sorry. The door was open and-

Zach: (quietly, without turning around) It's okay. You can come in.

Bree: Is your father here? We were scheduled to do a patrol today.

Zach: He had to go out of town. Again.

Bree: Oh.Well,, I guess I can do it by myself. 

(she stops and looks around the room) 

Bree: Wow,this place is just immaculate.

Zach: My mom liked things clean.

Bree: Zach,she would be very proud of you. (gasps when she sees what Zach is scrubbing at)What happened to your varnish? 

Zach: It's where my mother died. They messed up the floor trying to get out the blood.

Bree: Oh. 

(Bree can't believe what she's seeing) 

Zach: I'l let my dad know you stopped by. 

(Bree is really heartbroken by what she sees.) 

Bree: Zach,do you have any plans for dinner? 

[INT-Lingerie Store -Day] 

(Gabrielle is wandering around the store, not really shopping, looking at her watch. Mama Solis is behind her) 

Mama Solis:So you shop a lot, huh? 

(Gabrielle looks through a display of knickers)

Gabrielle: Yeah.So?

Mama Solis:Most women that shop a lot, it's because they don't have anything better to do.

Gabrielle: What's your point?

Mama Solis:Well, if you had children-

Gabrielle: (walks off) Here we go.

Mama Solis: I'm just saying that children give your life purpose. You get so busy taking care of them that you don't have any time to wonder if you're happy.

Gabrielle:You know, Juanita, this is so like you. I take you on a nice shopping trip and you find ways to upset me.

Mama Solis:Oh, you didn't invite me. I invited myself. 

(Gabrielle looks at the time again) 

Mama Solis: You keep looking at your watch. Is there someplace you have to be?

Gabrielle: (a bit too loudly and forcefully) NO. 

(They get some strange looks off other women shoppers) 

Gabrielle:And for the record, I am not one of those women who has a hole in her heart that can only be filled by a baby. I like my life. A lot. It's very fulfilling. 

(She slams a set of lingerie back on the rack and storms off.) 

Mama Solis (to other shoppers who were watching the argument): Excuse my daughter in law,she's very fulfilled.

(They nod understandingly) 

[EXT:Wisteria Lane -Outside Scavo House-Day] 

(Lynette is refilling the hole the boys dug the previous day.) 

Lynette: So he just blew you off?

Susan: I told him another man asked me out, it was the perfect opportunity for Mike to be jealous. And nothing.

Lynette: Well,did you bat your eyes? You know, it doesn't work if you don't bat your eyes.

Susan:Honey, I batted everything that wasn't nailed down. I'm telling you, nothing. 

(Susan offers Lynette a bottle of water) 

Lynette: Oh,thanks.

Susan: So what's going on there? (points to the hole Lynette is filling in)

Lynette: Um(looks at her boys sleeping in two seats in the garden)Gophers. 

Susan: Wow.

Lynette: Listen, I'm sorry about Mike. I know how much you like him.

Susan: Aw,maybe it's my fault. Maybe I just imagined an entire relationship with this man that didn't exist.

Lynette:There has been flirting.

Susan: Yes,and the flirting made me think that he was kind and trustworthy and honest and hygienic. That's how it is with me. A guy just smiles at me three times and I'm picking out wedding china. I'm a mess.

Lynette: But to be fair, that is part of your charm.

Susan:That's what happened with Carl. I only dated him a couple of months. I filled in the blanks; I married him. It was a disaster! 

Lynette:You think Mike is a Carl in disguise? 

Susan: I dunno. What does that mean anyway? My life is complicated? 

[EXT-Park -Day] 

(we see a man's shoes walking through the park. The shot pans up and we see it's Mike. He's walking towards a man(Noah) sat on a park bench, watching children play football (a soccer to all the Americans) ) 

Noah: If I wanted to sit around and wait for nothing I could do it on the can. (looks at his watch). You're late. What's with the face?

Mike: I screwed up. I broke into the Fome house and almost got caught.

Noah: What's almost?

Mike: I accidentally left something behind with my prints on it.

Noah: Don't you own a pair of gloves?

Mike: It's the suburbs. I didn't think it would matter. Anyway, the police are running a check, and I'm in the system. I've got to pull up sticks before they come looking for me.

Noah: That's a sweet sound (re the noise of children playing) laughter like that, huh? It pisses me off. If and when your cover is blown, you disappear. Until then, you keep fixing the neighbourhood pipes.

Mike: The more time I spend in this town, the more I think we're making a mistake. These are nice people.

Noah: My money says one of them isn't. 

(A kid's ball rolls up to where they are sitting. Noah stops the ball, and hands it back to the boy who comes to collect it. he's all smiles, acting like a granddad helping his grandson) 

Kid: Thanks. 

(As the kid runs back to his game, Noah turns back to Mike and his smile disappears)

Noah: No more screw ups. 

(He leaves, leaving Mike watching him go) 

[INT-Solis House -Living Room-Day] 

(A south American TV show is on "a man and woman are sharing a kiss". We see Mama Solis is captivated by the show,whilst Gabrielle is watching her mother in law's enthrallment with disbelief) 

Gabrielle:I'm getting something to drink. Do you want something? 

(Mama Solis shushes Gabrielle and waves her out of the room. As Gabrielle leaves, she suddenly realises her mother in law won't notice if she leaves to see John. A smile breaks out on her face as she plans to see him) 



(We see Gabrielle sneaking around the side of the house until she reaches a garage where John is working. John looks up as he hears Mrs Solis enter. He looks angry when he sees its her) 

Gabrielle:Now don't be mad.

John: I waited at that motel for three hours for you. I had to use a month's worth of lunch money to pay for that room.

Gabrielle:It's not my fault. Juanita hasn't let me out of her sight since she got here.

John: Really?Well I don't see her now.

Gabrielle:She's watching her Mexican soap opera. The reverend's virgin daughter is about to be seduced by the escaped desperado. So until she puts out Juanita won't even know that I'm gone. 

(Gabrielle has been moving closer to John during this. She runs her hand over his chest -but he moves away, still mad) 

Gabrielle:Come on! I said I was sorry.

John: Yeah.Just so you know, I've turned down half the pep squad for you.

Gabrielle: (Laughs)You can't be serious.

John: Well,you know, I'm starting to think that maybe I should be with someone my own age.

Gabrielle:But I thought teenage girls bored you, John? I thought what we had was beyond that.

John: So did I. 

Gabrielle:So why do you want to go back to something you don't want?

John: I don't know.

Gabrielle:Maybe you're tired of me.

John: No. I wanna be with you.

Gabrielle:So why are we arguing? 

(Just as they're about to kiss, there'sa voice calling from outside) 

Mama Solis: (off screen) Gabrielle! 

Gabrielle: Dammit! (looks at her watch. She's confused) The virgin gave it up already?

John: I want you so bad. When can I see you again?

Gabrielle:Tomorrow. Meet me at the front entrance of the mall after school.

John: What about your mother in law?

Gabrielle: Don't worry. I'll think of something. (they kiss) 

Mama Solis: (off screen) Gabrielle! Gabrielle! 

Gabrielle: (screams)Coming! 

[INT-Scavo House -Living Room-Night] 

(Tom and Lynette are relaxing at the end of the day. Tom brings them drinks from the kitchen. They are sitting on the sofa) 

Tom: A donation? Now Barcliff wants a donation.

Lynette:Apparently we're in competition with one other family. A generous donation will ensure our kids beat them out.

Tom: How generous?

Lynette: (from behind her coffee mug) Fifteen thousand.

Tom: Pff! We don't have that!

Lynette: And that's what I told them.

Tom: So what do we do? Well, public school is out, unless we move to a new district.

Lynette:We're not moving.

Tom: Maybe it's time that we look into home schooling?

Lynette:(swallows the drink she just took) I know you did not just say that.

Tom: Honey,it's got its advantages. Kids who are home schooled do better in their later years.

Lynette:(seriously) They won't make it to their later years if I have to spend all day with them.

Tom: Honey,sometimes you've just got to make the sacrifice. It's probably the best thing for the kids.

Lynette:(sarcastically) Why don't we just put them back in me and cook them until they're civilised?

Tom: You'd be cool with that? 

(They both laugh) 

[INT-Van Der Kamp House-Dining Room -Night] 

(Bree and Zach are sitting down for dinner) 

Zach: I've never had plum pudding before.

Bree: I'm serving it this year for Christmas. I like to try out new recipes before the actual holiday. That way, if the cook book has gotten it wrong, I can fix it.

Zach: You must really like Christmas. You and Mr Van Der Kamp always have the best decorations on your lawn.

Bree: I adore the holidays. I never get depressed if there's a beautifully decorated tree to look at.

Zach: My mom and I would always decorate our tree together. 

(Bree looks heartbroken for him) 

Zach: This Christmas is going to be weird.

Bree: Oh,Zach. You know, my mother died when I was young. She was hit by a car.

Zach: Oh!

Bree: It was right before Christmas as a matter of fact. We were all singing carols and the dog was howling, because everyone in my family sings off-key except for me.Anyway, it was just a terrible ruckus.So no-one noticed when my mother wenta cross the street to give the neighbour their gift. The next thing we heard were brakes screeching.

Zach: Wow.

Bree: Most of my family went to the hospital, but I stayed home because I was so young.When I looked out the window I saw all my mother's blood on the street and nobody was doing anything about it. So I got a hose and I washed it off. And once it was clean, I felt so much better. 

(She shakes her head, to clear her thoughts) 

Bree: I've never told anyone that story before.

Zach: Well,those are the most interesting ones-the stories that we never tell anyone.

Bree: Yes,you're probably right.

Zach: I have one. It's more of a secret really.

(Bree leans forward, conspiratorially, really interested in what Zach's about to say) 

Bree: Ooooh.

Zach: I know why my mom killed herself .

(This wasn't what Bree was expecting to hear. She leans back, aghast) 

Bree: You do?

Zach: It was something I did. Something bad. 

(they both lean back. Bree is totally shocked, Zach realises he shouldn't have told) 

Bree: What did you do??? Zach? Sweetheart? 

(Zach grabs a hold of the full drinking glass in front of him-he's grabbing it really hard and Bree's afraid 

he'll break it and hurt himself) 

Zach: No!No, I'd better not. I shouldn't have said anything. I shouldn't have done this. 

(He gets up from his chair, and tries to leave. Bree tries to calm him down and stop him leaving) 

Zach: If my dad found out..

Bree: Zach,calm down.

Zach: No,please. I -

Bree: Zach,I won't tell your father.

Zach: I can't get you involved.

Bree: Zachery, it's alright! 

(She finally has to give up and watch him leave) 

[EXT-Wisteria Lane -Outside Mayer House-Day] 

(Susan, Gabrielle and Bree are in Susan's garden. Susan is changing a light bulb in her lamp) 

Susan: I can't believe Zach said that. What else did he tell you?

Bree: Nothing.That's it. Just that Mary Alice killed herself because of something he had done.

Susan: You couldn't get any more out of him?

Bree: Oh, I tried. But he was so nervous he actually started shaking and then he just left.

Gabrielle:Okay, this is getting really weird. I think we should go to the police.

Bree: And tell them what? We don't even have the note anymore, we gave it to Paul.

Susan: Then you're going to have to get Zach to tell you something, so we have more to go on.

Bree: Girls,you don't understand. This poor kid is scared out of his mind.

Gabrielle:Oh, for god's sake, Bree, you're a woman. Manipulate him. It's what we do!

Bree: But how? 

Gabrielle: I don't know. How do you usually manipulate Rex? 

(Bree thinks for a second, then a hugesmile spreads over her face) 

[EXT-Young House -Day] 

(Zach answers his front door to find Bree there) 

Bree: Hello,Zachery. Are you free for dinner tonight? 

Zach: Sure.

Bree: Oh,good, because last night you put me in such a holiday mood, so I'm going to make roast turkey and canned yams and egg nog. Have you ever had real old-fashioned egg nog? 

Zach: No, I don't think so.

Bree: Oh!You are going to love it! It has quite a kick.. 

[INT-Scavo House -Living Room-Day] 

(the boys are kicking a football around and diving all over the place playing. Lynette looks up from her book (The fun of home schooling) to despair at the thought of 24 hours a day with her boisterous boys) 

Lynette: Boys,could you stop? 

(The boys don't stop playing -just get noisier. She gives up, throws the book down and leans back on the sofa. But she leans against something stuffed down the side. She pulls it out-it's a toy boat) 

Preston: MOM!MOM! HE'S HITTING ME!

Porter: No,I'm not! 

(Lynette just holds her head and looks at the boat) 

[INT:Shopping Mall-Day] 

(Gabrielle is looking through racks of clothes with her mother in law)

Mama Solis: Gabrielle, please! You've bought me enough things. You're the one that's supposed to be shopping.

Gabrielle:Oh, Mama, you're in a rut! We need to spice up your wardrobe. (Spies somethingshe likes) Oooh, try this one on. 

(Mama Solis doesn't know what to do) 

Gabrielle:Go on, try it on.

[INT-Changing Rooms -Day] 

(Gabrielle checks her make-up in a changing room mirror) 

Gabrielle: Mama Solis, how're you doing in there?

Mama Solis: (out of breath) Is it supposed to be so tight?

Gabrielle:Yes, it's form-fitting. You're going to look great.

Mama Solis: Gabrielle,I don't think this dress is right for me. I can't breathe! 

(Gabrielle spies a brightly coloured top with security tags on it on a chair in the dressing room. She has an idea, she picks up the top) 

Gabrielle: Well,maybe I made a mistake. 

(She bundles up the top and puts it in one of Mama Solis' shopping bags) 

Gabrielle:While you get changed I'm going to run to the book store. 

(Gabrielle grabs her purse and starts to run out of the changing room, desperate to get away from Juanita) 

Mama Solis: (Still in the cubicle struggling with the dress) Gabrielle! Wait! Wait, I'm coming with you.

Gabrielle: No,no, I'll just be a minute. 

(Mama Solis finally gets the dress off and comes out of the cubicle, about to chase after Gabrielle. She stops when she realises she's not dressed) 

(Gabrielle is hurrying out of the store.We see Mama Solis, now dressed, flatten her hair, grab her bags and give chase to her daughter in law) 

(They're now both running through the store) 

Mama Solis: Gabrielle!Wait! 

(As Mama Solis leaves the store,attempting to catch Gabrielle, she sets off the security alarms.) 

Shop Assistant: (stopping Mama Solis) Ma'am. Ma'am. I'm sorry I'm going to need to look at your bags please. 

(Gabrielle smiles and keeps on walking) 

Mama Solis:Alright. Just hurry up.(she watches which direction Gabrielle goes in) 

[EXT-Mall-Day] 

(We see Gabrielle, very happy with herself, push open the doors and walk up to John who was waiting for her outside) 

John: Right on time. 

(They kiss) 

[INT-Mall-Day] 

(The shop assistant is holding up the blouse with the security tags on it that she found in Juanita's bag) 

Mama Solis:I'm telling you I don't know where that blouse came from.

Shop Assistant: Security! (there are two security guards standing near by)

Mama Solis:(pushes past the shop assistant) Alright! Keep your stupid blouse. I have to find my daughter in law. 

(The two security guards stop her) 

Mama Solis: Don't touch me! (Pushes them away) Don't you dare touch me! 

(The security guards lift her up and drag her back into the store, kicking and screaming all the way) 

Security Guard #1: Ma'am you're going to have to come with us.

Mama Solis: Get off me! Gabrielle! 

[INT-Van Der Kamp House -Kitchen -Day] 

(Bree is preparing the feast for her and Zach that night. The turkey is done and so are a number of other dishes. She's humming Christmas carols. The phone rings) 

Bree: Hello? 

(The shot goes to split screen. One half stays with Bree in the kitchen, the other half shows Rex who's on the other end of the phone, in his motel room) 

Rex: Hey,it's me.

Bree: Oh, hi,Rex. How are you? Is something wrong?

Rex: Well, I was just about to grab dinner from the motel vending machines when it occurred to me. What the heck. I'll go out.Would you like to have dinner with me? 

(Bree looks around at everything she's cooked and her plans for the night) 

Bree: Uh?(we don't hear her answer) 

[EXT-Wisteria Lane -Outside Van Der KampHouse -Day] 

(Bree is leaving her house, wearing dark sunglasses. Zach is on his way over to meet her) 

Zach: Mrs Van Der Kamp, guess what's found all of mom's old Christmas stuff.

Bree: Oh,sweetie, I was just coming over to talk to you. I'm so sorry, but something really important came up and I have to cancel.

(Zach doesn't look like he's taking this bit of news very well)

Zach: Really?

Bree: We will do it again. (She reaches out to touch his face) We'll have our impromptu holiday dinner, I promise. Bye. 

(She runs off to her car, leaving Zach standing there) 

[EXT-Dark Street-Night] 

(We see a police car drive past an alley.We see that Susan and Officer Thompson are in the car.) 

Susan: I've got one. Kelly Holstatter. In eighth grade she used to spit in my gym shoes. 

(Officer Thompson enters the name on his computer, and information about her comes up on the screen.) 

Officer Thompson: Kelly Holstatter. Here. Two DUIs, one cheque kiting and one open bench warrant.

Susan: How tragic! By which I mean, yay? 

(they laugh) 

Officer Thompson: Yeah, you've been a really good sport, coming along on my shift with me.

Susan: Well,time flies when you're on a stakeout in crack town. 

(they laugh again) 

Susan: So when does our official date begin? 

Officer Thompson: (Looks at his watch) Well, taxpayers say twenty minutes but I say now. 

(He closes his computer screen) 

[INT-Scavo House -Kitchen - Night] 

(Lynette is clearing up crumbs from the table, the book is open on the table) 

Tom: They're down.

Lynette: Oh,thank you. 

(They kiss) 

Tom: (Sees the book and is thrilled) Honey, you've been reading up on home schooling?

Lynette:Yeah. It gave me some good ideas. Well, one, anyway.

Tom: Great!What have you got?

Lynette:Well, you know how we both agree that one of us needs to stay home and parent the kids and one of us needs to go off and make a living. And then I suddenly remembered, when I was working I made a little more than you. 

(Tom looks scared out of his mind, as he's figured out where this conversation is going) 

Tom: What are you doing?

Lynette: You tossed out that little Sacrifice comment a while ago and it occurred to me,I've made sacrifices over the past six years. I gave up my career! If another sacrifice has to be made, I think it's your turn on the merry-go-round.

Tom: L-L-Lynette?

Lynette: So if I went back to work, then you could stay home and take care of the kids.

Tom: I can't do that. The kids all day? I'd lose my mind!

Lynette:Ah-ha! 

(Lynette smiles, she's proved her point) 

Tom: Hey,hey. (puts his hands up) Okay, I get it. Home schooling is out (throws away the book). So how are we going to scrape together fifteen grand for this endowment?

Lynette:(Faking it) Hmmm. How? (She wrings her hands and leans against the fireplace,where there are lots of pictures of the kids and of Tom on his boat). 

Mary Alice Voiceover: Lynette was so desperate to avoid home schooling, that she saw no other options on the horizon until a solution sailed into view. 

(Lynette smiles at the pictures, then looks back at Tom) 

Tom: Oh no.

Lynette:Aye, aye. 

[EXT-Dark Street-Night] 

(Officer Thompson is getting changed ready for the beginning of his date with Susan. They boot of his car is open as he gets his clean shirt out) 

Officer Thompson: So the restaurant is run by this little old guy named Arnello. He will propose to you. Don't say yes, because he's dead serious. (laughs)

Susan: But what if I like him? 

(As officer Thompson pulls out his new shirt, she sees the screwdriver she gave him still in its plastic bag) 

Susan: Hey,I thought this went to the lab. 

(he realises he's been caught out) 

Officer Thompson: Alright. You got me.

Susan: And that means what?

Officer Thompson: Look, Susan, no one would authorise lab time or a computer search for a case like this. It's just not a priority.

Susan: So why couldn't you just tell me that?

Officer Thompson: Well, I thought we were clicking. Does this need to be a big deal?

Susan: Well,if you'd only lied to me about it once, it wouldn't be.

Officer Thompson: Alright, I get it. You want me to beg. Okay, look at me. (He goes down on his knees) I'm begging. (He's laughing, like its just a joke but Susan doesn't see it that way). C'on, don't be such a girl about this.

Susan: I know who you are. You're a Carl in disguise. I'm done with you: all of you. 

(She collects her bag from the front seat of the patrol car and walks off) 

Officer Thompson: Oh, come on, drama queen. What are you doing? Where are you going?It's not safe.

Susan: I'd rather take my chances on the street, thank you very much.

Officer Thompson: Urgh. Why do I always pick the psychos? 

[EXT-Wisteria Lane -Outside Van Der Kamp House-Night] 

(Zach is walking over to the Van Der Kamp House. He's carrying an axe. He smashes a pane of the back door) 

[EXT-Streets -Night] 

(Susan is wandering the streets) 

Susan: (to a hooker) Excuse me. I think I'm lost.

Hooker: You best be lost. This here's my corner.

Susan: Oh!Uh, yes, and a lovely corner it is too. I hate to bother you while you're working but I was just wondering if you could point me in the direction of a pay phone. Oh, and if you had some change for this five (takes a five dollar bill out of her purse), preferably quarters?.

Hooker:Honey, if I got paid in quarters, I'd be doing something very wrong.

Susan: Right!Okay. Thank you. (she quietly puts the money back in her purse and starts to leave)

Hooker: Hey,you wanna use my cell? I have weekend minutes.

Susan: Oh,thank you so much! You're saving my life!! 

(a car pulls up and honks) 

Hooker: Oh,excuse me, honey.

Susan: Oh,yeah, sure, go ahead. Do what you've got to do. 

(Susan dials a number and waits) 

Susan: (to herself) Oh please answer. C'on, pick up, Julie. (Julie picks up the phone) Oh,thank god. Listen, don't ask any questions, just get somebody down here to pick me up at the corner of Ninth and Foster. 

(a car slows down in front of Susan) 

Driver: Hey,babe.

Susan: Thank you,no, I'm on a break. (to Julie, begging) Hurry Please! 

[EXT-Wisteria Lane-Outside Van Der Kamp House -Night] 

(there are police cars and flashing lights everywhere, when Bree and Rex arrive) 

Rex: Excuse me, we got a call. Something about a break in?

Policeman:One of your neighbours reported seeing someone forcing his way into your home.We sent some guys out to investigate and uh-

Bree: What is it?

Policeman: I gotta tell you ma'am, I thought I'd seen a lot of things on the job but, uh,this is something else. 

(he opens the front door and leads them inside. Once inside they see that there are sparkling lights everywhere, with Christmas garlands strung over the walls and a gorgeous tree has been decorated in their living room. As Bree walks into the room, she sees three stockings hung over the fireplace -they have the names Paul, Zach and Mary Alice on them) 

(There's a time jump to) 

[INT-Van Der Kamp House-Living Room -Night] 

Rex: So let me get this straight. He chopped down one of our pine trees?

Policeman: I'm afraid so. 

(Zach is led out from the other room in handcuffs by a different policeman) 

Bree: Zach,why did you do this?

Zach: I don't know.

Bree: (to the policeman holding Zach) Take off those handcuffs please.

Policeman:Ma'am, he confessed to breaking in.

Bree: This is NOT up for discussion. 

(The policeman looks to Rex for approval) 

Rex: Go ahead. 

(Just as they are removing Zach's handcuffs, Paul walks in. The policeman holds him back) 

Paul: Zach?!

(Paul seems mad. He runs his hand over his face, as if he's unsure what to do. Zach is like a deer caught in headlights. He can't run away. He slowly reaches for Bree's hand. Bree's shocked to feel his hand in hers, but she holds it and looks at him - He's terrified of his dad.) 

[EXT-Dark Street-Night] 

(Susan is still waiting on the street corner, when a blue van pulls up looking for her. It's Mike) 

Mike: (he calls out the window to her) You okay?

Susan: Yeah.

Mike: (Smiling)Then how much for a trip around the world? 

(Susan rolls her eyes, then walks towards the car) 

Susan: I cannot believe Julie sent you. She is soon going to be dead. 

(Mike opens the door for her) 

Mike: C'on,get in. 

(Susan sighs, and gets in. she throws the screwdriver onto the dashboard. Mike sees it) 

Mike: Wasn't that sent in for prints?

Susan: No.The cop lied to me. 

(Mike sighs with relief) 

Susan: I don't want to talk about it.

Mike: I was just asking. 

(They drive off) 

[INT-Solis House -Night] 

(Gabrielle is talking on the phone,coming down the stairs) 

Gabrielle:(on the phone) Yes, apparently they found a blouse in her bag-Oh, I don't know, Carlos. At some point older people just start to get confused. She probably thought she paid for it. No. No charges. 

(She looks in on Mama Solis, who is knitting in the living room) 

Gabrielle:(on the phone) No, everything is fine. I'll tell her. Bye. (she hangs up the phone) 

Gabrielle:Mama Solis, Carlos is going to be late home for dinner. It's just the two of us.What would you like to eat?

Mama Solis:Oh, I'm not hungry.

Gabrielle:Okay, suit yourself. 

(She leaves) 

Mama Solis: Don't go yet. I need to talk to you. 

(She turns around) 

Mama Solis:It's important. Please. 

(Gabrielle grudgingly sits down with her mother in law. Mama Solis continues to knit throughout their conversation) 

Mama Solis:I married Diego Solis when I was 16 years old. A few months into our marriage he started to beat me. I was so young and stupid I didn't know what to do.

Gabrielle: Juanita,I had no idea.

Mama Solis:It got so bad that I started praying to god to let me die. But god in his infinite wisdom gave me a reason to live.

Gabrielle:Carlos.

Mama Solis: Ay,he was a beautiful baby. But my husband wasn't much of a father. He never held him. He would yell and scream at him for no reason at all. One night, when Carlos was four, Diego Solis came home,drunk. And he beat my Carlos. Something inside me snapped, and at that moment I found a way to be strong. So I made sure that Diego Solis would never hurt my son or me ever again. 

Gabrielle:What did you do?

Mama Solis:Well, if you pray hard enough, god gives you the tools to your salvation. 

(The shot begins to focus on the knitting needles and the sharp metallic noise they make when they scrape together.Gabrielle flinches) 

Gabrielle:Carlos said that his father left for a waitress in El Passo.

Mama Solis:(nods) That's what he was told. Mothers know they have to protect their children. But some of us take our job more seriously than others.

Gabrielle:(pulls her top closer together to cover herself) I don't know why you're telling me this. 

(Mama Solis looks straight at her, with no nonsense) 

Mama Solis:I think you do. 

(shot of Gabrielle watching her mother in law knit with the extra loud clickety clack of the needles) 

[EXT-Wisteria Lane -Outside Mayer House-Night] 

(Mike's car pulls up in front of Susan's house. The atmosphere is very awkward in the car) 

Mike: Okay,I know you're mad at me and I'm sorry I didn't stop you from going out with that guy.

Susan: I'm not mad at you. I mean I'm not just mad at you-I'm mostly mad at myself.

Mike: Okay.

Susan: I'm mad that I like you so much without knowing anything about you.

Mike: Oh.What do you want to know?

Susan: What's your favourite food?

Mike: Mexican. 

(he turns to face her in the car) 

Susan: What's your favourite sport? 

Mike: Football.

Susan: Favourite band?

Mike: Elvis Costello.

Susan:That's a guy not a band.

Mike: It's a guy with a band. 

(Susan smiles. She breaks eye contact before asking the question she really wants to know the answer to) 

Susan: What do you think of me? 

(Mike looks away from her. he's having trouble figuring this out himself. Susan worries about what he's going to say.But she needn't as he makes up his mind and leans over to kiss her (AWWW)) 

Susan:(sighs happily) I'm sorry, could you repeat that? 

(They smile at each other and kiss again) 

[EXT-Wisteria Lane -Young House-Night] 

(Bree is going over to the Young house to check on Zach. As she approaches she hears arguing. At this she stops outside their door, unsure what to do) 

Zach: What?What do you want to talk about?

Paul: Do you realise how obscene this looks?

Zach: Do you even care about me at all? Did you even care about mom? 

(Bree starts to leave) 

Paul: Don't talk to me that way.

Zach: I think I just did. 

(Sounds of something smashing. At this Bree realises she can't turn a blind eye and knocks on the door. Zach opens the door as if nothing strange is happening) 

Zach: Mrs Van Der Kamp.

Bree: Hi,Zach. I just wanted to see if everything was alright.

Zach: Everything's fine.

Bree: Are you sure?

Zach: Yes.

Bree: Oh,well, okay. I'll see you tomorrow then.

Zach: I'm sure that you will. 

(Zach closes the door, and walks away.He walks past his father who is on the floor with a cut lip) 

[EXT - Wisteria Lane -Day] 

(shots of the neighbourhood watch people patrolling the streets) 

Mary Alice Voiceover: People by their very nature are always on the lookout for intruders. 

[INT-Barcliff Academy-Corridor-Day] 

(The twins are running about in their school uniforms. They run into the headmaster who can't believe what he's seeing. Lynette is trying to catch up to the boys. She smiles apologetically as she passes the headmaster) 

Mary Alice Voiceover: Trying to prevent those on the outside getting in. 

[EXT-Solis House-Day] 

(Gabrielle is going outside to do her yoga. But she sees Mama Solis sat outside knitting. She gives up and heads back inside) 

Mary Alice Voiceover: But there will always be those who force their way into our lives. 

[EXT-Mayer House -Day] 

(Susan and Julie open their front door.Mike is there with a pizza. They welcome him in, with happy smiles all around) 

Mary Alice Voiceover: Just as there will be those that we invite in. 

Susan: Hi.

Mike: Hi. 

[EXT -Van Der Kamp House -Day] 

(Bree comes outside ready to do some gardening. She looks next door and sees-) 

[EXT-Young House-Day] 

(Paul is walking Zach to the car,carrying a bag. Zach's head is down, he's upset. Bree watches as they both get into the car and drive away) 

Mary Alice Voiceover: But the most troubling of all will be the ones that stand on the outside looking in. The ones we never truly get to know.
