DESPERATE HOUSEWIVES
1X18: CHILDREN WILL LISTEN
------------------------------------------------------------
Mary Alice Voiceover: Previously on Desperate Housewives 
[INT:Hospital -Corridor -Night] 
(Mama Solis wakes up and walks through the hospital corridor.) 
Mama Solis: Is anybody here? 
(Mama Solis falls down the stairs, whilst a nurse smokes around the corner.) 
[INT:Hospital-Office -Day] 
Doctor: It appears there may have been a break down in our chain of care. 
(The doctor pushes a piece of paper across the desk to Gabrielle, it contains details of a settlement.) 
Gabrielle: Are you trying to buy us off? 
Mary Alice Voiceover: Sometimes if you're not careful? 
[INT:Van Der Camp House -Andrew's Room -Night] 
Bree: There's this place called Camp Hennessy. 
Andrew: I'm not going to any stupid camp for juvenile delinquents. 
(Two large men take Andrew away.) 
Bree: You don't have a choice. 
Mary Alice Voiceover: Past mistakes... 
[EXT: Lake -Night] 
(Paul throws the wrapped up chest into the lake.) 
[INT Police Station -Day] 
(Policeman shows pictures of the chest to a carpenter.) 
Policeman: We pulled it out of Rockwater Lake. 
Carpenter: I must have sold several hundred of these, just like it. We have a list of customers' names on file. 
[EXT: Lake-Night] 
Mary Alice Voiceover:...will come back to haunt you. 
[EXT:Young House-Night] 
(Paul and Zach are arguing.) 
Zach: I won't tell anyone.I'll keep your secret, dad? 
----------------------------------------------------------------
[EXT:Solis House -Garden -Day] 
Mary Alice Voiceover: There were many things Gabrielle Solis knew for certain- 
(Gabrielle comes outside, runs her fingers through her hair & smoothes her dress.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover: She knew red was her colour. She knew diamonds went with everything. 
(Gabrielle collects the mail, next door neighbour is playing catch with his son, but stops to look at her.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover:-And she knew men were all the same- 
(Gabrielle stops the baseball with her shoe, and gives the ball back to the boy.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover: But the one thing Gabrielle knew above all else - she would never want children... 
(Gabrielle watches Carlos smiling at the father and son playing together.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover:Unfortunately for Gabrielle, her husband Carlos felt differently. 
[INT:Solis House -Gabrielle and Carlos-Bedroom-Night] 
(Gabrielle and Carlos are in bed, Gabrielle is putting on hand cream and Carlos is reading.) 
Gabrielle: I'm so lucky to have you, 
Carlos: **huh** OK, I'll bite. 
(He puts book down) 
Carlos: Why are you so lucky? 
Gabrielle: Because I don't want to have kids and you do. 
Carlos: That. 
Gabrielle: Most men would leave over something like that, and you're still here. I'm grateful. I know the sacrifice you're making. 
Carlos: There's still a little part of me that's hoping to change your mind. Once you had a baby I think that you would love it so much. 
Gabrielle: Honey. It's not going to happen. 
Carlos: You never know. 
Gabrielle: No, sometimes you do. 
Carlos: Well, it is a sacrifice. But you're worth it. 
(Gabrielle leans over and kisses him.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover: Yes, Gabrielle Solis knew without a doubt she didn't want to be a mother. 
[split screen: multiple shots of Gabrielle and Carlos having sex and Carlos' prior tampering with Gabrielle's birth control, changing the pills.] 
Mary Alice Voiceover: But what she couldn't know was just how much her husband wanted to be a father or that he had been tampering with her birth control for months. Or that in one week's time she would be pregnant. 
----------------------------------------------------------------Opening Credits 
----------------------------------------------------------------
[EXT. Wisteria Lane-multiple shows of children playing- Day] 
Mary Alice Voiceover: Saturdays on Wisteria Lane belong to the children. And whilst most would spend the day practicing their sports and riding their bikes and jumping their ropes, others were no longer engaged in child's play. Indeed some children were being forced to grow up very quickly. 
[EXT. Young House -Garden-Day] 
( Zach is raking leaves and Paul is talking to policemen.) 
Policeman #1: Sorry to bother you on the weekend, we just have a few questions for you. 
Paul: About what? 
Policeman #2: Twelve years ago, your late wife purchased a toy chest. 
Paul: Toy chest? 
Policeman #1: Yeah, it was about this big, had dancing bears on it. 
Paul: Gosh, sorry. 
Policeman #2: The craftsman who makes these chests keeps a list of customers. Apparently you purchased one in August 1992. 
Policeman #1: Yeah, we'd like to know where that chest is now. 
Paul: Wow. I, um, wish I could help you but I don't recall any toy chest. 
Zach: I remember. Yeah, it had little bears and balloons on it, right? 
Policeman #1: Yes son, that's right. 
Zach: Yeah, we threw that chest away when I was little. I was standing on it and it just busted. Remember, dad? 
Paul: Vaguely. 
Policeman #1: I guess that's all then. Thank you both for your time 
(The policemen turn, about to walk away.) 
Zach: Hey what's the deal with this chest anyway? 
Policeman #1: One just like you had washed up on Torch Lake. Had a woman in it 
Zach: Woman? 
(The policemen leave.) 
Policeman #1: She was all chopped up. 
Paul: Obviously we need to talk. 
(Shot of Mrs Tilman holding shears and looking suspiciously at the two Young men.) 
----------------------------------------------------------------
[INT:Young House -Living Room -Day] 
Zach: You lied to me. You said that it was a man in the box. 
Paul: No I didn't lie. 
Zach: Well, the policeman said it was a woman's body, of course you were lying. 
Paul: I told you that a private detective came to take you away from us; I never said it was a man. 
Zach: You didn't? 
Paul: No. 
Zach: Well, I thought that I... 
Paul: No. 
Zach: Stop, Please dad stop. Look, I know that you're lying to me. OK, I know that you're lying. 
Paul: For the last time. Someone came and tried to take you away from us. 
Zach: Yes, a woman, a woman came. 
Paul: Yes, she tried to steal you. From the only family you'd ever known and we couldn't let that happen and we didn't and that is the truth. 
----------------------------------------------------------------
[INT :Van Der Camp House -Living Room -Day] 
(Bree is packing a care package for Andrew.) 
Rex: We can't cancel now it's two days away. 
Bree: Rex, I'm not going and that's all there is to it. 
Rex: Counselling is part of the treatment at Camp Hennessy, you knew that. 
Bree: Nowhere in their brochure did it say that we were expected to attend. 
Rex: What's Andrew going to think if you don't show up? 
Bree: Well, I'm making him this care package. I mean he'll know I'm thinking about him. 
(Bree picks up a box of home made cakes.) 
Rex: Why are you putting in lemon squares? They told us not to send them sweets. 
Bree: Well, I don't understand why. 
Rex: I guess they feel baked goods from mom undermine the boot camp experience. 
Bree: Fine, I won't send them but I think it's a stupid rule. 
(Bree puts down the box.) 
Rex: So, are you going to this thing or not? 
Bree: No. 
Rex: Why? 
Bree: Because the minute I get there, Andrew will start attacking me for abandoning him and I don't want to hear it. 
Rex: There's no reason to feel guilty you know. You did everything you could for him. 
Bree: I don't feel guilty. 
Rex: OK. 
(Rex walks away, and Bree picks up the box of sweets, puts them in the package and seals it up.) 
----------------------------------------------------------------
[INT:Scavo House-Kitchen-Day] 
(Lynette is on the telephone, attempting to get ready for a day-out,has curlers in her hair and the boys are running wild.) 
Lynette (on telephone): Please Christy, there is no way that I can get another babysitter this late in the day. 
(Parker is ripping the petals off flowers) 
Lynette (to Parker): Parker, knock it off. 
Parker: No. 
Lynette: Because I'm having drinks with friends I used to work with and they never call and if I blow them off that's it. I'm dead to them. No, I can't call Patty Binks, because she steals things. Dammit, Christy, you're thirteen years old, you've got a lot of trips to the mall ahead of you. Ok, ok, I'm sorry. I'm sorry I raised my voice, I'm calm. I'm starting to think this is about money so what is it that'll make it worth your while? A hundred? That's extortion, there's no way in hell that I'm gonna. Hello, hello? 
Lynette (to Parker): Parker, I swear I will spank you, knock it off. 
Lynette (on telephone): Hi, Mrs Binks, is Patty there? Thank you. 
----------------------------------------------------------------
[INT:Solis House-Living Room -Day] 
(Gabrielle is returning from a shopping trip to find her husband and a lawyer in the living room) 
Gabrielle: Hi honey, I'm back. 
Carlos: Hey sweetie. This is Mr Steinberg, the attorney from the hospital. 
Gabrielle: Oh, have we met? 
Mr Steinberg: Yes, Mrs Solis, we've met. 
Carlos: Don't you remember, it was after Mama died. Apparently the hospital was negligent and agreed to a seven figure settlement cheque. A cheque I was never told about. 
Gabrielle: Oh that. Mr Steinberg?. 
Mr Steinberg: I was just leaving. 
(Gabrielle and Carlos wait until Mr Steinberg closes the door before they start arguing.) 
Carlos: What were you thinking? 
Gabrielle: Wait, just let me explain. 
Carlos: No, why the hell didn't you tell me? 
Gabrielle: Because I couldn't trust you to make the right decision. 
Carlos: No, the right decision was to use that money for my lawyers. We could have fought the indictment and then I wouldn't have had to take the plea bargain. 
Gabrielle: If you didn't take the plea deal the government would have seized the settlement. 
Carlos: Oh, we could have fought that in court. 
Gabrielle: Exactly and then you would have blown all the money on the lawyers. 
Carlos: Who cares! If there was a chance I didn't have to go to jail? 
Gabrielle: You had Laotian convicts sewing casual wear for 2 cents an hour. Don't you think you deserve a time out? 
Carlos: Eight months! Thanks to you I'm going away for eight months. 
Gabrielle: And when you get out we're going to have money to start over with. Thanks to me.
(She retrieves her shopping from the chair.) 
Gabrielle: You know once you calm down, you're going to realise I did the right thing and when that happens, I'd appreciate an apology. 
(Walks away leaving Carlos dumbfounded.) 
----------------------------------------------------------------
[INT: Mayer House -Kitchen- Day] 
(Susan is painting at the kitchen table, and Julie goes to the sink to make a drink,sees a fender bender outside the window.) 
Julie: Grandma's here. 
(Susan joins her daughter at the window.) 
Susan: Now that is just perfect. Stay put. 
----------------------------------------------------------------
[EXT:Wisteria Lane -Outside Mayer House-Day] 
Sophie: (To Mike) I am so sorry. 
Susan: Hey mom. 
(Mike looks at Sophie in shock as he realises who she is) 
Sophie: Oh hey Susie. Oops, I goofed. 
Susan: What happened? 
Sophie: You know me, no depth perception whatsoever. The state shouldn't have issued me a license. 
Mike: So you're Susan's mom? 
Sophie: Yeah. I'm Sophie Bremner. And you are- 
Mike: Mike Delfino. 
Sophie: Oh, you're Mike? Oh my god. Susan's told me so much about you. Well, don't just stand there, give me a hug! 
(Mike looks awkwardly at Susan as her mother hugs him.) 
Susan: Mom, Mike and I aren't together anymore. 
Sophie: Oh, sorry. I guess I just made this pretty awkward, huh. 
Susan: Yeah, you really did. So let's go call the insurance company. 
Sophie: Well, it's nice meeting you anyway, Mike. 
Mike: You too. And I never would've guessed you were Susan's Mom. 
Sophie: I know I look too young. I got pregnant when I was a tiny teenager. 
Susan: (embarrassed) Okay. 
Sophie: It was the first time I got drunk. Ever! Can you believe it? 
Susan: Let's go. 
Sophie: Her father was a marine you know. Afterward he gave me three of his medals. 
Susan: Mom! 
Sophie: What? 
Susan: Let's go inside and call the insurance company. 
Sophie: Oh, right. 
(Sophie walks into the house, Susan starts to follow but turns back to Mike) 
Susan (to Mike): What are you smiling about? 
Mike: I used to have all these questions about how you got to be the way you are. They're all just answered. 
----------------------------------------------------------------
[EXT:Wisteria Lane-Outside the Van Der Camp House-Day] 
(Bree is fetching the post. Lynette is all dressed up, with the children in tow- searching desperately for someone to babysit) 
Lynette: Hi. (laughs) Hi. 
(Bree tries to sneak back into the house without being caught.) 
Bree: Hi. What's going on? 
Lynette: Oh, um, my babysitter cancelled 
Bree: Oh Lynette, I'm so swamped today. My house is a mess and I've got millions of errands to run. 
Lynette: Please hear me out, this is important. Today I have a chance to rejoin the human race for a few hours, there are actual adults waiting for me with margaritas.Look I'm in a dress, I have make up on. 
Bree: If it were any other day. 
(Lynette is desperate by this point.) 
Lynette: Oh for God's sake Bree, I'm wearing panty-hose. 
Bree: Bring them in. 
Lynette: Thank you, thank you. Alright in you go. 
----------------------------------------------------------------
[INT:Mayer House-Kitchen-Day] 
(Susan and her mom are cooking.) 
Susan: And then the police showed me his mug shots. 
Sophie: No! 
Susan: Yes! Mike served time for selling drugs and manslaughter 
Sophie: I can't believe it. 
Susan: Well, it's true. 
Sophie: And he had such nice manners, you know. 
Susan: I know. 
Sophie: Susie, I don't want you worrying too much about this Mike thing. The right man will come along. Just give it time. 
Susan: I think I would have given up entirely if it weren't for you and Morty. 
Sophie: Morty? 
Susan: Yeah, you know, it's the third time around for both of you, and you're really clicking. It gives me hope. 
(Susan's eyes are watering from the onion she's chopping.) 
Susan: What's wrong? 
Sophie: Nothing, nothing. Um, I'm just tired. 
Susan: You're not tired. You took a nap. What is it? 
Sophie: I left Morty. 
Susan: What? Why? 
Sophie: Because he shoved me. 
Susan: Morty? No!! 
Sophie: You think I'm lying? Huh! Fine! 
Susan: Why would he shove you? 
Sophie: Because I confronted him. About how much time he's spending at the damned pancake restaurant. If that's where he's really been. 
Susan: Oh, you can't be serious? Morty? 
Sophie: You think that men his age don't have needs? You should see the waitresses he hires. Every year they get younger and younger. 
Susan: Alright, maybe you just feel that way because every year you get older and older. 
Sophie: Well, that's a horrible thing to say. 
Susan: I'm sorry. 
Sophie: I'm not that old. 
Susan: I said I was sorry. 
Sophie: People think we're sisters. 
Susan: Well, that's because you tell people that. 
Sophie: One time! You've got to let go of that. 
Susan: Okay, look; I'm just saying I don't think Morty cheated on you. 
Sophie: Well, he did shove me. The least you can do is be supportive. 
Susan: Alright, alright. 
Sophie: He also threw a book at me. 
Susan: Oh, come on! 
Sophie: Huh! 
Susan: I mean-He shouldn't have done that. 
Sophie: Thank you. 
----------------------------------------------------------------
[INT:Van Der Camp House ?Dining Room- Day] 
(The baby (Penny) is in her pram, while two of the boys are scribbling over colouring books, while Porter is in the kitchen reaching for the fresh cookies.) 
Bree: Porter, honey, those cookies are hot. Just wait a few minutes and I'll give you one when they're cool, okay. 
(Bree turns back to the boys colouring in.) 
Bree: You know pictures are prettier if you colour inside the lines. 
(The boys pause then go back to their scribbling.) 
Bree: Well, art is subjective. 
(turns back to the kitchen.) 
Bree: Porter, what did I tell you? 
Porter: But I'm hungry. 
Bree: Well, then I will fix you a very nice bowl of peaches and cottage cheese. 
Porter: Ew, Barf! 
Bree: Don't be common, young man. Now come on, if you play around with those cookies one more time I'll have to spank you. 
(Porter returns to the table.) 
Parker: We don't get spanked. 
Bree: (unbelieving) Really?! 
Porter: Mommy always says she's going to but she never does. 
Bree: Well, I'm not your mommy and if you mess around in my house you will get spanked. Now be good. 
(Bree goes to check on the baby. Porter sneeks up to steal a cookie, the tray falls.) 
(Bree takes a deep breath when she sees the cookies on the floor.) 
Porter: It was an accident. 
Bree: Porter, I warned you. 
Porter: I'm sorry. I'll be good. 
Bree: Those cookies were made from scratch. Your fate is sealed. Come here. 
(Reaches for him, and pulls him with her to the table. She sits down and places him over her knee and spanks him.) 
Porter: No, no. Ow ow, ow ow. 
(The boys watch open mouthed as their brother gets spanked.) 
----------------------------------------------------------------
[INT:Solis House -Living Room -Day] 
(Gabrielle is filing her nails, Carlos places a piece of paper on the coffee table.) 
Gabrielle: What's that? 
Carlos: It's called a post nuptial agreement. It's a legal document that- 
Gabrielle: No, I know what a post-nup is, what is it doing on my coffee table? 
Carlos: Well, I can forgive that stunt you pulled with the settlement cheque. If I'm sure that you'll really be around when I get out of jail. 
Gabrielle: Hmm, so the post-nup changes the terms of the pre-nup so that- 
Carlos: So if you try to divorce me while I'm gone, you'll get nothing. 
Gabrielle: You don't trust me? 
Carlos: I'm afraid not. 
Gabrielle: Well, that's too bad. Cos I'm not signing that piece of paper. 
(Carlos puts a pen on top of the paper and stands beside the sofa she's sat on.) 
Carlos: You're a very beautiful woman. Gabrielle. But, you're not very bright. If you don't sign it, I'll pull the plug on the settlement agreement, divorce you. And then you get 50% of our current savings, which is basically nothing.
Gabrielle: So what do you expect to happen right now, Carlos? I sign the papers and jump into your arms. 
Carlos: This doesn't mean I don't love you. You know I think you're the perfect woman. 
Gabrielle: Oh, but I'm not. I have flaws. 
Carlos: Flaws? 
Gabrielle: Uh huh. I'll even give you an example. Remember the time you were in jail and you told me about your secret compartment and you told me to burn the papers that I found in there. Well, me being pretty and therefore stupid, I forgot. 
Carlos: You didn't burn the papers? 
Gabrielle: Worse. I read them. 
(Gabrielle gets up and confronts Carlos) 
Carlos: Okay, okay. 
Gabrielle: You have some nerve talking about trust when you have a secret bank account in the Cayman Islands. 
Carlos: That was a safety net for both of us. 
Gabrielle: I'll bet. 
Carlos: Have you told anyone else about this? 
Gabrielle: No, but I could. Hey, isn't that why the prosecution didn't have a case against you? They couldn't find the profits you made. So if I were you, Carlos, I wouldn't mention the words divorce, trust or post- nup ever again. You don't wanna piss me off. 
(Carlos is angry and throws a vase at the wall, where it smashes.) 
Gabrielle: I know baby, it hurts to lose. 
---------------------------------------------------------------- [INT:Scavo House -Kitchen-Day] 
(Lynette, Susan, Sophie, Bree and Gabrielle are sitting down for an afternoon of poker.) 
Susan: Ante up. 
Sophie: Well, look at me, finally in on one of your legendary poker parties. Susan's always telling me how much fun you girls have. 
Susan: The rules are simple. We play for cash. The dealer picks the game and unsubstantiated gossip is encouraged. 
Sophie: Ahhh. 
Lynette: Bree, thanks again for watching my boys. You sure they weren't too much to handle? 
Bree: Oh no, we had a wonderful time. Although I think Porter had a little less fun. Okay, I'll bet. 
Gabrielle: So Sophie, Susan said you're going to the spa tomorrow. Is that an all day thing? 
Lynette: What do you mean Porter had less fun? I'll raise. 
Bree: Well, Porter was misbehaving so I had to punish him. 
Sophie: So yes, Susan is treating me to an entire day of beau- 
Lynette: Now when you say punishment, what exactly are you talking about? 
Bree: Oh, I had to spank him. Alright I will re-raise. 
Lynette: You spanked my son?! 
(The table falls silent.) 
Sophie: Las prises spa. Yep, that's where we're going. 
Bree: Lynnette, is there a problem? 
Lynette: Tom and I don't believe in hitting our kids, I thought you knew that. 
Bree: Sorry, I didn't know. It won't happen again. Of course, I'm a somewhat surprised you don't hit them, I mean everyone knows they're a little bit out of control. 
Susan: Wow, I'm just dragging today, shall we put on another pot of coffee? 
Gabrielle: Yeah, I'll do it. 
(Gabrielle gets up and puts on the coffee) 
Sophie: (quietly) I, I'll fold. 
Lynette: Yeah, you're right, Bree, I've got a lot to learn about parenting. And I feel so blessed to be getting sage advice from such an impeccable mother like you. I mean your kids turned out perfect, as long as you don't count Andrew. Where is he again, hum? Some kind of, uh, boot camp for juvenile delinquents. 
Susan: (attempting to keep the peace) Okay girls. 
Bree: I never said I was perfect. 
Gabrielle: Oh honey, nobody's blaming you. 
Lynette: The hell I'm not. 
Susan: Lynette! 
Bree: If you will excuse me. 
(Bree gets up from the table and leaves.) 
Gabrielle: Lynnette, will you go after her? 
Lynette: She spanked my son. I'm not apologising. 
Susan: (confidingly to her mother) Usually poker is more fun than this. 
----------------------------------------------------------------
[INT:Scavo House -Bedroom-Night] 
(Lynette and Tom are getting ready for bed. Lynette is still fuming from the poker game.) 
Lynette: So help me, if you don't back me up on this I will lose it. 
Tom: Yes, Bree shouldn't have spanked Porter but, its not like she hurt him. 
(Lynette hangs clothes up in their wardrobe.) 
Lynette: That is not the point, you don't spank other people's children. 
Tom: He was misbehaving, she had to do something. B-but make no mistake, she definitely crossed the line. 
Lynette: Yeah, you're damned right she did. She could've tried something else, like a time out or she could have simply threatened to spank him. 
Tom: Yeah, 'cos that works out so well when we do it. 
Lynette: It does work. It does work most of the time. 
Tom: It used to work. They've figured out that it's an empty threat, they-they're on to us. 
Lynette: My mom used to beat the hell out of my sisters and me. And I won't do it. I will not become my mother. 
(They sit on the bed.) 
Tom: Fine. But the boys are getting older and smarter. And eventually, believe me, eventually they're gonna figure out that they outnumber us and then- 
Lynette: -We're screwed. 
Tom: Exactly. 
(Lynette falls back onto the bed.) 
----------------------------------------------------------------
[EXT:Wisteria Lane -Outside Mrs Huber's House -Night] 
(Mrs Tilman is returning from grocery shopping, Zach is sitting outside his house playing the guitar.) 
Mrs Tilman: Excuse me, Zachery, would you mind helping me with these bags? There's some banana bread in it for you if you do. 
Zach: Uh, yeah, sure. 
----------------------------------------------------------------INT: Mrs Huber's House -Kitchen-Night] 
(Zach tucks in to the promised banana cake.) 
Zach: This is really good, Mrs Tilman. Thanks a lot. 
Mrs Tilman: You're welcome, Zachery. 
Zach: You know I've never actually been in Mrs Huber's house before. 
Mrs Tilman: Obviously you haven't missed much. This is the place where good taste goes to die. So, I heard you and your father arguing the other day. Is everything alright at home? 
Zach: Yeah, we just have problems sometimes. 

Mrs Tilman: I bet you miss your mother. I'm sure things were different when she was alive, such a warm and loving woman. 
Zach: You knew my mother? 
Mrs Tilman: Yup, years ago in Utah. We worked together 
Zach: I didn't know that. 
Mrs Tilman: It's true. In fact, I'll tell you a secret. I once met you when you were a little baby. 
Zach: (worried) Really? 
Mrs Tilman: Your mother loved you so much, Zachary. Of all the things I remember, I remember that the most. 
(Zach cries.) 
Mrs Tilman: You want to know what else I remember? How lovely your original name was! 
(Offers Zach a tissue) 
(Zach looks up.) 
Zach: Dana? 
(Mrs Tilman nods) 
---------------------------------------------------------------- [INT:Spa-Day] 
(Sophie and Susan are being pampered and getting leg massages.) 
Sophie: Isn't this nice? Just the two of us girls being out. Getting pretty. Oh, thank you. 
Susan: My pleasure. So I was thinking maybe you should call Morty- You know, get a start working things out. 
Sophie: Why would I want to work things out with a man who abuses me? 
(The masseuse gasps.) 
Susan: Oh oh oh. You don't have to gasp, my mother exaggerates. 
Sophie: She won't be happy until I have bruises. 
Susan: Okay, can we focus? What I want to know is have you thought about what's going to happy if you don't go back to Morty? 
Sophie: Um, what do you mean? 
Susan: Well, you don't have a place to live. You don't like to work. I mean, you didn't want to marry Morty, so he doesn't have to pay you alimony. I- I- it's just if you don't go back to this man who allegedly shoved you once in five years, what are your options? 
Sophie: I thought I could live with you. 
Susan: What? 
(Susan is shocked and kicks the masseuse.) 
Masseuse: Oooowwwww! 
Susan: Are you alright? 
Masseuse: You kicked me. 
(Susan grabs a towel and puts it to the masseuse's bleeding nose.) 
Susan: Oh, I'm so sorry. Here lean your head back. 
Sophie: I'm not saying permanently, just for a couple of years. 
Masseuse: You broke my nose. 
Susan: No, no it's just banged a little. 
Sophie: Until I get back on my feet. 
Susan: Mom, can we talk about this later? 
Masseuse #2: Should we call 911? 
Susan: No, it's just a nose bleed, she's fine. 
Sophie: I thought you'd be excited by the idea. 
Susan: It's not that I'm not excited? 
Sophie: I'm not stupid, Susan, it,s obvious you don't want me here. 
Susan: That's not true. 
(Sophie walks off awkwardly, careful not to ruin her wet pedicure.) 
Susan: Mom, don't go. Mom, come back. (to masseuse) I need to. We're good, right? 
Masseuse: Just go-
(Masseuse cries.) 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[EXT:Wisteria Lane -Day] 
(Gabrielle is out jogging, listening to music. She stops as she sees John jogging (shirtless-yum!!) on the other side of the street. He stops and goes to cross the road to her. Gabrielle holds up her hand to stop him. He steps back on to the pavement. Gabrielle puts her earphones back in and starts jogging in the opposite direction, leaving John alone.) 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[INT:Van Der Camp House -Bedroom -Day] 
(Bree is sitting in her nightgown staring at clothes laid out on the bed.) 
Rex: Why aren't you dressed yet? 
Bree: I wanted to wear Andrew's favourite colour. Then I realised that I don't know what it is. 
Rex: Oh, honey. I think the fact you decided to come at all will make him happy. 
Bree: Yours is blue. Danielle loves pink. And I have no idea what my own son's favourite colour is. 
Rex: I'm telling you it doesn't matter. 
Bree: How can you say that it doesn't matter? Of course it matters. 
Rex: Bree. 
Bree: That is what makes a good mother. Someone who knows their child inside and out, so that if they get into trouble they'll know what to do. (sighs) I don't know him well enough. 
(Rex touches Bree's face, turning her to look at him.) 
Rex: You are a good mother. 
Bree: (takes a deep breath) Brown or green? 
Rex: I'm going to wait in the car. Whenever you're ready. 
Bree: Green. I'll go with green, everybody loves green. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[INT:Solis House -Dining Room-Day] 
(Gabrielle is reading a magazine. Carlos enters and puts the post-nup on top of the page she is reading.) 
Gabrielle: I told you I'm not signing this. 
Carlos: Oh, I think you are. Because if you don't I will divorce you. 
Gabrielle: Then I'll go to the police. 
Carlos: And tell them what? That there's a secret bank account in the Cayman Islands that no longer exists. 
Gabrielle: Huh, you moved the money? 
(Carlos moves towards Gabrielle menacingly.) 
Carlos: Of course I moved the money. 
(Gabrielle backs away from Carlos.) 
Gabrielle: Well, that was risky, I mean the feds are watching you right now. 
Carlos: I had to do something I couldn't just let you make a fool of me. 
(Gabrielle turns and runs out of the room. Carlos catches her in the hallway, carrying her back to the table.) 
Gabrielle: Oh, no. Stop, Carlos, stop it. Put me down. Put me down. Let me go. Argh! Stop, you're hurting me. Carlos! 
Carlos: Sign it. SIGN IT! 
(Carlos forces Gabrielle to sign the paper. Gabrielle cries over her hurt wrist.) 
Carlos: I know baby, it hurts to lose. 
(Gabrielle's face hardens, grabs her bag and storms out of the house.) 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[EXT:Camp Hennessey -Day] 
(People are walking around the camp with bags, setting down stones. The Van Der Camps are seated at an outside tent having a drink. A girl passes the Van Der Camps wearing a presentable blue dress, with tattoos up her legs and arms.) 
Camp Counsellor: Mr and Mrs Van Der Camp. 
Bree: Yes, is it our turn? 
Camp Counsellor: Well, uh sort of, Andrew's waiting inside. 
Rex: What's wrong? 
Camp Counsellor: He said he won't go forward with the session if his mother's involved. He only wants to talk to his dad. 
Rex: We drove 200 miles to be here today. This is unacceptable. 
Camp Counsellor: I share your frustration. 
Rex: Alright, tell him that. We're going home. 
Bree: No. 
Rex: I'm not going to let him insult you like this. 
Bree: He blames me for his being here. He blames me for everything, and he's probably right. 
Rex: Any mistakes made were made by both of us. 
Bree: One of us should go talk to him, see how he is. 
Rex: Are you sure? 
Bree: Yeah. 
Camp Counsellor: Right this way. 
(Rex and the counsellor walk to the counselling room. Andrew opens the door and hugs his dad. He looks at his mom, who waves, and shuts the door. Bree looks down, upset.) 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[INT:Scavo House-Bathroom-Day] 
(The Scavo boys are crowded around the toilet, where a red toothbrush is floating) 
Parker: Mom, Mom! 
Lynette: Yeah, yeah, I'm coming. What is it? Why aren't you guys brushing your teeth? Parker, what happened? 
Parker: Porter pushed me and it fell in. 
Porter: He pushed me first. 
Preston: Can I flush it? 
Lynette: No, no. I'll fish it out later, alright.?(puts down the cover of the toilet) You're off the hook for tonight, but not you two so start brushing. Preston did you not hear me? I said start brushing your teeth. 
(Preston lifts the toilet seat and dangles his toothbrush over the toilet.) 
Lynette: What are you doing? Don't. You. Dare. 
Porter and Parker: Do it, do it, do it. 
Lynette: Preston, don't listen to them. Back away from the toilet and no one gets hurt. 
Porter and Parker: Do it, do it, do it. 
Lynette: I mean it this time, these are not just words. If you do this, so help me. 
Mary Alice Voiceover: Hearing the hollowness of her own voice, Lynette realised it was time to get one step ahead. 
Lynette: I will walk you over to Mrs Van Der Camp's and we all know what happens when she gets mad. 
(The boys are shocked into behaving and cleaning their teeth with vigour.) 
Lynette: Now go brush your teeth and I want them to sparkle. Go on. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[EXT:Camp Hennessey-Day] 
(Two other mothers at the camp are talking.) 
Mom #1: Sorry you had to bring you kid back. What happened this time? 
Tug's Mom: Well, a couple of months back I caught Tug going through my purse. 
Mom #1: Aw, I hate when they do that. Was he looking for weed or money? 
Tug's Mom: Who knows at this point? Anyway I knocked a couple back and things got heated, pretty soon we're both screaming and throwing things around the apartment and the next thing we know the lady upstairs calls the cops on us. 
Mom #1: Oh, give me a break. 
Tug's Mom: So now I got some social worker trying to tell me how to raise my boy. 
Mom #1: If I knew then what I know now, I would've had that hysterectomy 20 years ago. 
(Bree looks disgusted at the women's conversation and heads off to the counselling room.) 
Rex: Uh, Bree. 
Bree: Don't get up. I'll be quick. Andrew, all any parent can do is try to provide their child with the tools to succeed in life. Education, love, a good, clean safe home. Well, I have given you those things and I'm through feeling guilty. So if you want to piss your life away and blame it on how horrible things are at home, then go ahead. But I want it stated for the record that I am a good mother. Do you hear me? I am a good mother. 
Rex: Bree, Andrew just told me that he thinks he might be gay. 
Bree: (shocked) What? 
Rex: That's why he wanted me to come in first. He thought I could take it better. 
Bree: Well, he was right. I'll be waiting in the car. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[INT:John's apartment -Day] 
(John answers the door, and is shocked to see Gabrielle.) 
John: Mrs Solis, what are you doing here? 
(Gabrielle kisses him.) 
John: Okay. 
(Gabrielle looks around) 
Gabrielle: Are your roommates here? 
John: No. Are you okay? 
Gabrielle: Yeah. 
(Gabrielle starts to unbutton her shirt.) 
John: (looking at the bruise on her wrist) What's this? 
Gabrielle: That? Uh, oh Carlos just got a little rough, made me sign some papers. 
John: Did he hurt you? 
(Gabrielle is silent. John gets his coat and is about to walk out to challenge Mr Solis.) 
Gabrielle: John, what are you doing? 
John: I'm going to take care of this. 
Gabrielle: No, you're not going to do anything. 
John: No, I'm not going to let him get away with this. 
Gabrielle: If you really want to get back at him, Kiss me. 
John: How's that going to help? 
Gabrielle: Because one day, when the time is right I'm gonna tell him how he drove me into your arms and that's going to kill him. 
(They kiss.) 
Gabrielle: Tonight just, whatever you do-don't call me beautiful. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[INT:Morty's Pancake House -Day] 
(Susan enters from the parking lot. A waitress draws Morty's attention to Susan.) 
Millie (the waitress): Hey, Morty, look who's here. 
Susan: Hey, Millie, hi, Morty. 
Millie: Hey. 
Morty: Hey, Susie, what brings you here? 
Susan: Mom. I brought her over. 
(Sophie is pacing in the parking lot.) 
Morty: What's she doing out there? 
Susan: She said she won't come in until you go out and apologise to her. 
Morty: For what? 
Susan: For shoving her. 
Morty: I only shoved her 'cos she wouldn't, she wouldn't stop hitting me. 
Susan: Why was she hitting you? 
(Morty continues to sit the counter.) 
Morty: I th-, I threw a book at her. 
Susan: Morty! 
Morty: It was a paperback. 
Susan: Well, even so! 
Morty: At least I missed, she hit me straight in the guts. You want to see the bruise? 
(Morty goes to pull up his shirt.) 
Susan: That's okay, that's okay. 
Morty: It really hurt. 
Susan: Yeah, I understand. So could you, uh, just go out and apologise? 
(Susan sits down at the counter.) 
Morty: No. 
Susan: Why? 
Morty: 'Cos I don't want her back. 
Susan: Morty! 
Morty: Look, I love her. But the pancake shack is just starting to take off. We're talking about opening another one. That's practically a chain. I don't have time for her hysterics. 
Susan: Yeah, I sympathise, I really do. But you have to take her back. 
Morty: Why? 
Susan: Because she wants to move in with me. 
Morty: Oh. 
Susan: Morty, I'd like to have a relationship again. And at my age, with a kid, if she moves in to my house, even for a couple of years, I'm doomed. 
Morty: Wasn't there a plumber? Your mother said you were in love with a plumber. 
Susan: I am - I mean, I was. It didn't work out. 
Morty: Sorry. 
Susan: If she moves in she will burn up all my oxygen and I need it. Please can't you give her another chance? You guys are really good together, you know, when-when-when there's no violence. 
Morty: (admits) We do have chemistry. 
Susan: (willing to say anything to get rid of her mother) Absolutely. 
Morty: Well, the sex was like. Wow. I mean there was this one time when we were coming home on the interstate and we- 
Susan: You don't have to sell me. Go, just go talk to her. Now. 
Morty: OK. 
(Morty goes outside to talk to Sophie.) 
Susan: **Sigh** 
Millie: That was a mighty big sigh. 
Susan: I just keep thinking it's coming, Millie, and I can't stop it. 
Millie: What's that? 
Susan: The day my mother will need to come and live with me and I won't have a choice. 
(Whilst Susan is talking, we see Sophie and Morty arguing outside.) 
Millie: Uh huh. 
Susan: I know it's years away. She's youthful and vibrant, thank god. But time flies and one day she won't be able to take care of herself and I'll have to step up. 
Millie: I suppose that's true. 
Susan: I think it's natures little joke, that children ultimately end up parenting their parents. 
(Sophie is biting Morty on the arm, he's in pain.) 
Millie: Honey, you'd better get out there. 
(Susan turns around and sees what her mother is doing, runs outside.) 
Susan: What are you doing?! 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[EXT: Wisteria Lane -Day] 
(Lynette and the Scavo children are playing outside.) 
Lynette: Hey. Look, I just wanted to apologise. 
Bree: Lynette, don't. The fact that you just crossed that street means the world to me. And if anyone should apologise here, it's me. 
Lynette: Thank you. It looks like Tom's got the mob under control. Do you want to have some coffee? Sit around? Bitch about our kids? 
Bree: I would love to. 
(Bree and Lynette walk over to the Scavo house.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover: Children come into the world with their own agendas- 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[EXT:Scavo House -Porch -Day] 
Mary Alice Voiceover:Some to brighten our days-
(Tom laughs out loud when the baby gurgles.) 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[INT :Scavo House -Kitchen -Day] 
(Lynette and Bree are having coffee in the kitchen, whilst the boys play in the house.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover: Some to test our patience- 
(Lynette despairs as the boys knock over books while playing with lightsabers. Bree comforts Lynette who has her head in her hands) 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[INT :Tilman House-Dining Room-Day] 
Mary Alice Voiceover: Some to give us purpose- 
(Mrs Tilman watches as Zach hungrily looks through her photo albums with pictures of his mother.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[INT:Mayer House -Living Room -Night] 
Mary Alice Voiceover:Some to take care of us-
(Susan places a blanket over her mother who has fallen asleep on the couch.). 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[INT:Van Der Kamp House -Day] 
Mary Alice Voiceover: Yes, when they come children change everything- 
(Bree stops cleaning to look at a photo of Andrew, and puts her head in her hands). 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[INT:John's apartment-Day] 
(Shots of Gabrielle and John having sex) 
Mary Alice Voiceover: Especially when they're not invited. 
~ The End ~


