Desperate Housewives
2x10 - "Coming Home"
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Mary Alice Voiceover: Previously on “Desperate Housewives”... 
Matthew: Did you leave the door open?
Mike:Call the police!
Mike:Is that the guy who broke into your house?
Mary Alice Voiceover:Arrests were made... 
Gabrielle:Yeah,that's him.
Susan:I just want a chance to get to know you.
Addison:Well,I don't want to know you.
Mary Alice Voiceover:Fathers were confronted...
Gabrielle:Who's sister Mary Bernard?
Gabrielle:You do not want to start a war with me.
Sister Mary:Bring it on.
Mary Alice Voiceover:Boundaries were drawn...
Detective Barton:Mr. Williams was responsible for your husband's death.
Mary Alice Voiceover:And everyone learned that sometimes justice is served...
George:We need to call an ambulance.
Mary Alice Voiceover:Without saying a word.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[George's House - Daytime]
Mary Alice Voiceover:''There were many ways to tell Bree van de kamp was a lady.''
(Police cars and police are all around George's home. Bree is helped out of her car by a police officer.) 
Bree:''Thank you very much.''
Mary Alice Voiceover:''She was courteous to those around her,she moved with elegance and grace.'' 
(Bree enters George's house and Detective Barton approaches her.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:''And she was very careful to never let others know what she was thinking.''
Detective Barton:''Mrs. Van de kamp,thank you for coming on such short notice.''
Bree:''So what's happened?Have you had any luck finding George?''
Mary Alice Voiceover:''You see,like most well-bred women...''
Detective Sloan:''George is dead.He committed suicide last night at a hotel.''
Mary Alice Voiceover:''...Bree had something to hide.''
Bree:''Oh,um...well,um,it was very good of you to tell me in person,truly.''
Detective Barton:''Actually,uh,there's more.''
Bree:''More?''
(Detective Barton takes a package from a police officer and shows it to Bree.) 
Detective Barton:''Do you recognize this?''
Bree:''Those are my panties.How did you...''
Detective Sloan:''We assume mr. Williams stole them.''
Bree:''Where did you find them?''
Detective Sloan:''Mr. Williams had a room filled with,um...unsavory items.It was like a shrine.''
Bree:'"Unsavory items'?Well,what does that mean?''
Detective Sloan:''You don't want to know.''
Detective Barton:''Just so you're aware,the "daily tribune" is starting to sniff around this story.The editor's a good friend of mine.I'm pretty sure I can quash it,but you might want to tell your family what's going on,just in case.''
(Several officers walk in, carrying out a life-sized blow-up doll dressed like Bree.)
Bree:''What is that?''
Detective Barton:''I am so sorry. You weren't supposed to see that.(to the officer) Mudge,get that out of here.''
Bree:''No,wait!Is that supposed to be me?''
Detective Barton:''Well...it's hard to say.''
Bree:''I don't understand. I mean what would George be doing with a life-size doll?Oh,dear lord.''
Detective Barton (to the officers): "Go ahead." 
Bree: "Oh, hold it. What are you gonna do with that?" 
Detective Sloan: "Well, until we close the file on Mr. Williams, she's considered evidence. We'll have to take her back to the station." 
Detective Barton: "I am so sorry about this, Mrs. Van de Kamp. I know how difficult all this must be." 
Bree: "Don't you worry about me, Detective Barton. I will be just fine."
(Bree turns and walks outside. The officers carrying the life-sized doll walk out behind her as the neighbors watch.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover:"Yes, there were many ways to tell that Bree was a lady, but the surest was to watch how she maintained her dignity in even the most undignified of situations."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Opening Credits
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Wisteria Lane - Daytime]
Mary Alice Voiceover:"It's a story as old as time itself - the return of the prodigal son."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Paul's House - Outside]
(Zach walks toward his home just as Paul comes outside. )
Mary Alice Voiceover:"And no matter how many times it's repeated or how the details might vary..."
Paul looks up and sees Zach. They run toward each other. 
Mary Alice Voiceover:"...or how the names might change, the story always ends the same way, in the tender embrace of a loving father."
(They embrace.) 
Zach: "Hi, dad."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Paul's House - Inside]
(Zach is eating a sandwich.) 
Paul: "Susan Mayer told me she gave you some money to go to Utah." 
Zach: "Yeah, I had no idea where to look for you, though, and the money started to run out, so I thought that maybe you'd come back here." 
Paul: "You're a smart kid." 
Zach: "Can I ask you something?" 
Paul: "Of course. Anything." 
Zach: "Well, when you left town, Mrs. Tillman said that my real mother was a junkie from Utah." 
Paul: "That's right." 
Zach: "So, who's my dad?" 
Paul: "I don't know. It could have been anyone."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Betty's House - Outside]
(Mike approaches and waves to Betty. He hands Betty a paper bag.) 
Betty: "Thanks for the faucet. This leak is driving me crazy. What do I owe you?" 
Mike: "Oh, it's no rush. Just pay me when I install it."
(Edie jogs by. Matthew, clipping the hedges, overhears Edie and approaches.) 
Edie: "Hey, there! Have you seen today's paper?" 
Betty: "No, not yet." 
Edie: "There's a follow-up on that guy you caught last week." (reading) "Police seek help in identifying the mystery vagrant." 
Betty: "They don't know the man's name yet?" 
Edie: "They're not even sure that he knows how to talk." 
Mike: "Think they're going to hold him in the psych ward until they figure out who he is." 
Betty: "Well, I will certainly rest easier knowing that he's not roaming around our neighborhood." 
Edie: "See ya!"
(She jogs off.) 
Betty: "Thanks again for the faucet." 
Mike: "Sure."
(Mike walks away.) 
Matthew: "What are we gonna do about Caleb?" 
Betty: "Obviously, we are going to go and get him."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Monroe's Office]
(The newspaper with Caleb's picture lies on the desk with a magazine clip filled with bullets. Mr. Monroe packs a small suitcase, picks up the clip, and puts it into the suitcase.) 
Monroe: "Where are my cuffs?" 
Jerry: "Bottom drawer." 
Monroe: "Ah." 
Jerry: "So, when do I tell people you'll be back?" 
Monroe: "Couple, maybe three days. What the hell's this?" 
Jerry: "It's the ball gag. I thought you wanted it." 
Monroe: "We do not recycle ball gags. Take a look at the teeth marks. It's gross. I'd like to think that we're better than that." 
Jerry: "Hey, Monroe? You sure you don't want any help? The guy's dangerous." 
Monroe: "He's a half-wit, Jerry. If I can handle you, I can handle him."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette's House - Outside]
(The ladies are sitting around the porch, having coffee.) 
Lynette: "So, he poisoned Rex?" 
Gabrielle: "Sweet, little George Williams." 

Bree: "Well, it turns out he wasn't so sweet after all. Anyway, uh, there's a chance that some of this may wind up in the paper, so I wanted you to hear it from me first." 
Susan: "Bree, I'm so sorry." 
Lynette: "Yeah, like you haven't been through enough." 
Gabrielle: "God, and he's our pharmacist. It's enough to turn you holistic." 
Susan: "I know this sounds awful, but I'm kind of glad the guy's dead." 
Gabrielle: "Oh, I hope that little creep suffered." 
Bree: "Well, we'll never know."
(A station wagon pulls up.) 
Bree: "That's Andrew back from Camp Hennessey. I've got to go." 
Lynette: "Does he know yet?" 
Bree: "He hasn't got a clue." 
Susan: "How do you think he's gonna react?"
(Andrew gets out of the car and waves, then yells out to them.) 
Andrew: "All right, what the hell is going on? I know you didn't take me out of kid jail for my health." 
Bree (to the other women): "I'll get back to you, uh, later."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Bree's House - Inside]
(Andrew and Bree are in the living room.) 
Andrew: "So, are the police sure?" 
Bree: "Yeah. They found data in George's personal computer and also records at his pharmacy that pretty much proves that he was poisoning your father." 
Andrew: "They say why he killed him?" 
Bree: "Well, the detective seems to think he was trying to get your father out of the way so he could marry me. Honey, please use your coaster. That's gonna leave a ring." 
Andrew: "My father was murdered because of you, so as far as I'm concerned, you no longer get to tell me what to do." 
Bree: "Andrew, that is not fair." 
Andrew: "You brought that psycho into our house! You sat him down at our table. Just how fair do you expect me to be?" 
Bree: "Andrew, George Williams fooled a lot of people." 
Andrew: "Yeah, well, he didn't fool me." 
Bree: "Andrew, I'm not trying to minimize my part in this. Believe me, I, I hate myself for what's happened." 
Andrew: "Good. Now we have something in common. Oh, by the way, I'm gonna call my friend Justin and have him come over and spend the night tonight." 
Bree: "Justin? Is he a friend of yours from school or church? What kind of friend is he?" 
Andrew: "The real good kind." 
Bree: "Andrew, it is inappropriate for you to have somebody over. You just got home." 
Andrew: "Like I said, you don't get to tell me what to do anymore."
(Andrew walks upstairs.) 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Susan's House]
(Susan opens the front door to find Addison standing there.) 
Susan: "You came!" 
Addison: "Did I have a choice?" 
Susan: "Well, sure." 
Addison: "Because at the hospital you sounded like you were fully prepared to blackmail me into having some kind of a relationship with you." 
Susan: "That was just the heat of the moment, and once you get to know me, you'll understand that I am not the kind of person who could ever, ever resort to blackmail." 
Addison: "Well, I wish you'd made that clear in the hospital. Could've saved me a trip." 
Susan: "So are you coming in?" 
Addison: "Well, I got a lunch hour to kill."
(Susan shows Addison photo albums in the living room.) 
Susan: "That was my first Halloween. I was two. What do you think I am?" 
Addison: "I don't know." 
Susan: "Oh, come on, just guess. You can tell." 
Addison: "Uh, a homeless person?" 
Susan: "No, Addison, I'm a chicken. See? Those are feathers hanging around." 
Addison: "Oh. I thought that was supposed to be trash. Uh, look, are we done here?" 
Susan: "You haven't even finished your coffee." 
Addison: "I got to get back to work." 
Susan: "Oh, well, we, we haven't even finished the high school years. I wanted to show you this one. This was from the father-daughter dance. I had to take my mother's hairstylist." 
Addison: "What do you want from me, Susan?" 
Susan: "Well, I, I just want to share more than our D.N.A. I, I wanted to have a relationship with you. None of this means anything to you?" 
Addison: "I'll take the hobo picture." 
Susan: "Actually, it was...fine."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Advertising Agency]
(Lynette drops a copy of the company insurance policy on Ed's desk.) 
Ed: "What's this?" 
Lynette: "Our company insurance policy. You ever bother to read it?" 
Ed: "I'm gonna say no, but don't tell." 
Lynette: "We have day care, Ed, day care. Do you realize that since we fired half the staff, you and I have barely left the building? My kids are forgetting who I am." 
Ed: "I hear you. I have a seventeen-month-old who I haven't actually seen awake in weeks." 
Lynette: "See? All we need is a minimum participation of, uh...sixteen kids. My kids, your baby, Sally in accounting has three, that new guy in Human Resources has two and we hit the mother lode with the Mormon receptionist. She just popped out number six. There. Sixteen." 
Ed: "Fifteen. My wife won't do it." 
Lynette: "Well, maybe if I talked to her." 
Ed: "No, I'm telling you, this day care thing is a non-starter. Fran won't even let anyone else hold the baby." 
Lynette: "Well, she won't just take some time off for a couple of hours?" 
Ed: "Lynette, if I hadn't cut that umbilical cord with my own two hands, I swear they would still be attached. But if you want to try, more power to you."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Church - Inside]
(Gabrielle storms in.) 
Gabrielle: "You! What the hell did you do with my husband?" 
Sister Mary: "Please restrain yourself, Gabrielle. You're in a house of God." 
Gabrielle: "Tell me where he is!" 
Sister Mary: "Everywhere, of course." 
Gabrielle: "Not God, my husband."
(Carlos walks in.) 
Carlos: "Gabby, what are you doing here?" 
Gabrielle: "I was just about to ask you the same thing. You were supposed to meet me at the spa." 
Carlos: "I was just helping Sister Mary with the mailings for the fund-raiser. The church is about to send a relief team to Botswana to help with the drought." 
Gabrielle: "That's your excuse? We missed side-by-side water massages. I had to book them weeks in advance." 
Carlos: "Okay, you missed a massage. It's unfortunate, but there are people dying in Botswana." 
Gabrielle: "There are going to be people dying in this church if you don't wipe that patronizing look off your face!" 
Carlos: "What is your problem?" 
Gabrielle: "Sister Mary, will you excuse us, please?" 
Sister Mary: "Certainly."
(Sister Mary leaves.) 
Gabrielle: "We are supposed to be working on our marriage, Carlos, but we can't do that as long as our lady of perpetual stick-up-her-butt has you worrying about thirsty orphans." 
Carlos: "You're blaming Sister Mary for the tension in our marriage?" 
Gabrielle: "She wants us fighting. She wants you to get tired of me and walk out so she can have you all to herself." 
Carlos: "That's crazy. She's a nun." 
Gabrielle: "She may wear a habit and the beads, but at the end of the day, she is still a woman, just like me, and I know what I'm capable of." 
Carlos: "She is a woman, but she is nothing like you."
(Carlos walks away.) 
Gabrielle: "Carlos, where are you going? Carlos!"
(Gabrielle walks toward the door and passes Sister Mary.) 
Sister Mary: "You look tense, Gabrielle. Perhaps you should think about getting a massage."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Police Station]
(Addison is on the phone.) 
Addison: "Hi, Susan, it's Addison. Are you there?" 
Susan (on the phone): "Hi. Hi, yeah, I'm here." 
Addison: "Good. You're home." 
Susan: "Uh-huh. What's up?" 
Addison: "You know you were saying you wanted to be part of my life?" 
Susan: "Yeah." 
Addison: "I'm at the police station. I need you to come bail me out."
(Later, Susan comes to pick up Addison.) 
Susan: "Solicitation? You were arrested for solicitation?" 
Addison: "It was entrapment. I'm the victim here." 
Susan: "But you were with a prostitute." 
Addison: "Apparently not. I asked her three times--"are you a cop?" They gotta tell you, but she didn't say "boo." I thought this was America!" 
Susan: "Addison, you just got caught paying for sex. Now is not the time to wrap yourself in the flag." 
Addison: "Don't give me that look. It wasn't my fault." 
Susan: "I'm sorry. How is trying to pick up a hooker not your fault?" 
Addison: "I was at the store, I was working on my computer and then, you know, they have these ads? They pop up on the screen and they ask if you want to have a hot date. Well, it gets a fellow worked up." 
Susan: "Can't you just go home and have sex with your wife like a normal person?" 
Addison: "She's a sixty-eight-year-old woman. That bell stopped ringing for me years ago." 
Susan: "Oh, my god. Stop. Right now. I'm gonna go pay this thing."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Addison's House]
(Susan's car pulls up to the curb.) 
Addison: "So, uh, am I off the hook now?" 
Susan: "What?" 
Addison: "This whole father-daughter thing. We're done, right?" 
Susan: "Thursday, coffee at two. Be on time." 
Addison: "Don't take this the wrong way, but are you dim?" 
Susan: "Okay, I didn't exactly love what I found out about you today, but the goal was to learn, not to judge." 
Addison: "I bring the coffee. That crap you made burnt a hole in my stomach."
(Addison gets out and walks up the street. Carol is in a parked car across the street, watching him. She watches Susan pull away and writes down her license number.) 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Church Recreation Room]
(Sister Mary is talking to an audience.) 
Sister Mary: "This is Tunde. He lost both his parents to this drought. In fact, water is always scarce in Botswana. The national currency is called the Pula or raindrop..."
(Father Crowley walks up to Gabrielle standing in the back of the room.) 
Father Crowley: "Hello, Gabrielle. What brings you here?" 
Gabrielle: "I'm concerned about the drought in Kenya." 
Father Crowley: "Botswana." 
Gabrielle: "Yeah, and you?" 
Father Crowley: "Well, I'm organizing this relief trip. We leave in a week." 
Gabrielle: "Well, Bon Voyage, Father." 
Father Crowley: "I'm not going myself. We had to scale back our relief efforts this year. Even had to cut a few of the aid workers from the trip. Sister Mary, Sister Greta were so disappointed."
(Sister Mary passes out flyers to the audience.) 
Sister Mary: "If you just want to hand some of those back..."
Gabrielle: "Sister Mary was going on the trip?" 
Father Crowley: "Well, Sister Mary always goes for at least a few months, but when our funding came up short, she graciously offered to step aside, said there's plenty of God's work to do here."
(Sister Mary drops some paperwork at Carlos' feet. He helps her pick them up as Gabrielle looks on.) 
Sister Mary: "Thank you, Carlos. Appreciate it."
(Gabrielle watches as Sister Mary pats Carlos gently on the arm.) 
Gabrielle: "I bet she did. How much cash are you short, Father?"
(In the audience, Carlos smiles at Sister Mary as she speaks.) 
Sister Mary: "We plan to set up a modern system of irrigation."
(Father Crowley approaches Sister Mary.) 
Father Crowley: "I'm sorry to interrupt Sister Mary, but I have an announcement. I have just received a donation of eight thousand dollars, which means that Sister Mary and Sister Greta will be able to join our relief trip to Botswana. It just goes to show angels are everywhere."
(He winks at Gabrielle. Sister Mary sees this.) 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Advertising Agency]
(Fran walks in pushing a stroller.) 
Fran: "Hi. I'm here to see Lynette Scavo." 
Lynette: "Oh, hi. Excuse me. Hi. I'm Lynette. You must be Fran." 
Fran: "Yeah, hi. Ed said you needed to talk to me. I couldn't imagine about what." 
Lynette: "Oh, well, come on in my office."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette's Office]
Fran: "You want me to put my daughter in day care? But I'm a stay-at-home mom." 
Lynette: "I'm not suggesting that you sign her up for all day. Maybe just a couple of hours in the afternoon. Wouldn't that be great? Have some time to yourself, relax, unwind?" 
Fran: "I don't need to unwind. I love taking care of little Mindy." 
Lynette: "Oh, of course, of course, but we all have days when we're starting to lose it. Wouldn't it be nice to have some place to take her before you want to strangle her?" 
Fran: "I cherish every moment I spend with her, truly." 
Lynette: "Really? Yeah. Look, I'm gonna level with you. Parcher and Murphy can't have a day care center unless we have at least sixteen kids and without little Mindy, we only have fifteen." 
Fran: "Well, that's not my problem." 
Lynette: "Okay. Okay. I just thought I'd give it a shot." 
Fran: "Well, I wish I could help you, but I can't." 
Lynette: "Okay." 
Fran: "Lynette." 
Lynette: "Yeah." 
Fran: "Can I ask you something?" 
Lynette: "Yeah." 
Fran: "Why did you have kids if you weren't gonna raise them?" 
Lynette: "Excuse me?" 
Fran: "Well, I just don't understand women who say they want to be mothers, but then hand their kids over to glorified babysitters." 
Lynette: "I work because my family needs me to." 
Fran: "Oh, dear, I've upset you, and that wasn't my intention." 
Lynette: "I bet. Make no mistake, I'm a good mother." 
Fran: "That's the difference between us. I couldn't settle for being a good mother. I want to be a great one. Bye-bye." 
Lynette: "Bye-bye."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Susan's House - Outside, Morning]
(Alberta, walking her cat, is frozen as she stares at Susan's garage door. The word "whore" is painted on her white garage door in red. Susan walks out to get her morning paper.) 
Susan: "Oh, hi, Alberta. How are you? Were you the one that sent out those neighborhood watch pamphlets? I was wondering if maybe you had any extra copies. Or I'll just borrow one from somebody else. Thanks."
(Alberta walks away. Susan turns and sees the word written on her garage door.) 
(Later, Addison and Susan are looking at the door.) 
Addison: "Yep, looks like Carol's penmanship." 
Susan: "This is ridiculous. What does she think, we're having an affair?" 
Addison: "Well, she probably saw you drop me off yesterday, and she assumed the worst." 
Susan: "Well, now you're gonna have to tell her the truth." 
Addison: "Oh, no, no, no. I'd catch holy hell." 
Susan: "Oh, so you want me to catch it for you? I mean, you, yourself, said she's crazy. I don't want to wake up tomorrow morning and find my tires slashed." 
Addison: "All right. I'll talk to her."
(Edie drives by in her convertible. She stops in front of Susan's garage.) 
Susan: "Hello, Edie. Do you have something you'd like to say?" 
Edie: "No. That pretty much says it all."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Gabrielle's House]
(Gabrielle walks in. Sister Mary and Carlos are sitting on the couch.) 
Gabrielle: "Sister Mary, what a lovely surprise." 
Sister Mary: "Well, I couldn't leave without saying good-bye, Gabrielle." 
Gabrielle: "Oh, that's so sweet. I'm really gonna miss you." 
Sister Mary: "I'm sure not half as much as you're gonna miss your husband." 
Gabrielle: "Huh?" 
Carlos: "Don't freak out. I'm going to Botswana." 
Gabrielle: "What?" 
Carlos: "Sister Mary needs a companion." 
Gabrielle: "What happened to Sister Greta?" 
Sister Mary: "I was gonna go with Sister Greta, but the region is so volatile, I decided I'd feel much safer with a male companion." 
Gabrielle: "Carlos, you can't do this. You can't just go to Africa." 
Carlos: "Honey, I'm only gonna be gone for two months. This journey is important for me. I want to be one of God's soldiers." 


Sister Mary: "And you will be one, Carlos. After you see the devastation over there, you're never the same. You see how selfish your old life is and you just want to get rid of everything that reminds you of it. Oh, gosh. I should get going and start packing. We leave in less than a week." 
Carlos: "I should probably send a thank you letter to my parole officer. He's being a real mensch about this."
(Carlos walks out and goes upstairs.) 
Gabrielle: "I may be a Catholic, but I am so not above slapping a nun." 
Sister Mary: "Go ahead. Do it. Just make sure you hit hard enough to leave a mark. Yeah. I didn't think so."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Advertising Agency]
(Lynette is talking on the phone.) 
Lynette: "Kiss the kids good night and I'll see them in the morning. Okay, yeah. I love you, too. Bye-bye."
(She hangs up the phone.) 
Ed: "I'm sorry about the day care thing, Lynette, but Fran hardly ever lets me hold the kid. You know, since day one, all I ever got was, "support the head, support the head." I think I know how to support a damn baby head. Oh, let's just, let's just do this. I don't want to be here all night." 
Lynette: "You're Mindy's father. You have a right to spend time with her." 
Ed: "I know, but what can I do?" 
Lynette: "You could stand up to Fran. If you don't, you'll just become more resentful, she'll get nuttier. And without a father figure, poor Mindy will grow up to be a stripper." 
Ed: "A stripper?" 
Lynette: "There's science to back that up." 
Ed: "You know what? You go ahead and push the button on this day care thing, Lynette, and count Mindy in. Yeah, I'll handle Fran." 
Lynette: "You're doing the right thing, Ed, for little Mindy."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Bree's House - Nighttime]
[Justin and Andrew are lying on Andrew's bed, playing video games. Andrew tries to kiss Justin.] 
Justin: "Dude, what if your mom walks in?" 
Andrew: "She won't." 
Justin: "You don't know that. Just wait 'till everybody's asleep. Seriously. I'll make it worth your while." 
Andrew: "You better. I wish she would walk in on us, just to see the expression on her face. God, I hate her so much." 
Justin: "Still, though, she's your mother. Don't you sort of have to love her?" 
Andrew: "Last year, when she found out that I like guys, she freaked out. She said that if I didn't change, I'd be going straight to hell, so since I knew that I couldn't change, it suddenly hit me that one day, my own mother was gonna stop loving me, so I decided to stop loving her first. That way, it wouldn't hurt so bad." 
Justin: "She didn't know what she was saying." 
Andrew: "Yes, she did, so now she's got to be punished." 
Justin: "How are you gonna punish her?" 
Andrew: "One day, she'll slip up, and I'll have something against her and when that happens, I'm gonna take her down so hard, she'll never get back up." 
Justin: "It may take you a while to get something on her." 
Andrew: "That's okay. I don't mind waiting for the things that I want."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Advertising Agency]
(Ed walks in carrying a toddler.) 
Ed: "Lynette, hey, hey. Look who's here." 
Lynette: "Hey! You know, the day care room won't be ready until next week at the earliest." 
Ed: "If I had waited, I might have lost my nerve. I had a window. Fran was in the shower, so I just grabbed the baby and ran." 
Lynette: "You took the baby without telling Fran?" 
Ed: "I refuse to be bullied by that woman. You were right. Mindy is my daughter. I wanted to spend time with her. I have that right." 
Pat: "Um, Ed, the lobby just called and your wife's on her way up and she seems pretty angry." 
Ed: "Oh, man. Here. Hold Mindy." 
Lynette: "Oh." 
Ed: "Let me handle this." 
Lynette: "Oh, I was planning to."
(The elevator door opens. An angry Fran comes out.) 
Fran: "I thought Mindy had been kidnapped!" 
Ed: "I left a sticky note." 
Fran: "I wasn't looking for a sticky note, Ed! I was looking for my missing child!" 
Ed: "She's my child, too, and she's staying here, just a few hours a day." 
Fran: "You, give her to me." 
Ed: "No, I made a decision." 
Fran: "Yeah? Okay, watch me make a decision. I'm done with this marriage. I'm taking my baby and I'm getting on a plane to Pittsburgh." 
Ed: "You wouldn't dare!" 
Fran: "You think you miss Mindy now, wait till we're living with my mother!" 
Ed: "I'll fight you on this." 
Fran: "Yeah? Try me."
Mary Alice Voiceover:"As Lynette saw her dreams of day care about to board a plane to Pittsburgh..."
(Lynette walks toward her office with the baby.) 
Ed: "You're crazy, you know that?!" 
Fran: "Yeah! I'm crazy to think that you understand..."
Mary Alice Voiceover:"...she decided this flight would have to be grounded."
(Lynette goes into her office and locks the door.) 
Fran: "You don't scare me. Oh. Oh! What the hell is she doing?"
(She sees Lynette locked in the office with her baby.) 
Fran: "Open up! Give me my baby!" 
Ed: "Good thinking, Lynette!" 
Lynette: "I am not on your side, Ed." 
Ed: "You're not?" 
Lynette: "No, I am on Mindy's side. She is the one caught in the middle, and I'm not letting you two have her until you calm down." 
Fran: "I want my damn child. 
Pat: "Lynette, I have Tom on line two." 
Lynette: "Pat, can you see here I'm holding a baby hostage? I will call back!"
(Fran gets out her cell phone.) 
Fran: "All right, that's it. I'm calling the police." 
Ed: "Oh, for god's sakes! Lynette's not going to hurt the baby!" 
Lynette: "No, and you're gonna get her back a whole lot faster if you will just listen to me. Okay? Listen, and you? All right, good. So, first of all, Ed, stealing the baby was really stupid." 
Fran: "Thank you." 
Lynette: "You're welcome. You need to find a better way to communicate with your wife. And, Fran, I know what the pressure of trying to be a super parent does to your head. You can take a break and be a great mom. Doesn't this little sweetheart deserve a well-rested mommy?" 
Fran: "Well, I guess the pressure does get to me a little." 
Ed: "And it's okay to admit that." 
Lynette: "This is communication. This is good. Why don't you guys go down to the lobby, talk it out over some coffee?" 
Fran: "Uh, what about Mindy?" 
Lynette: "We've got day care!"
(Fran and Ed leave. Lynette looks at Mindy.) 
Lynette: "We've got day care!"
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Meadowside Psychiatric Hospital]
(Betty approaches the nurse's station. She sees Caleb sitting on a couch in a day room.) 
Betty: "Hi. I called earlier from the spiritual outreach program?" 
Nurse Delany: "Hi. Piano player, right? This is so generous of you. There it is. It's not exactly a concert grand. I should warn you, on the whole, our patients are generally unresponsive, so I hope you don't expect a lot of clapping." 
Betty: "Miss Delany, I find when the spiritual rewards are this great, who needs applause?" 
Nurse Delany: "Excuse me."
(The nurse goes back to her paperwork.) 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Grocery Store]
(Susan is doing her shopping. Carol comes around the corner to where Susan is.) 
Susan: "Did Addison talk to you about me?"
(Carol begins throwing the groceries at Susan.) 
Susan: "Oh! I guess not." 
Carol: "He's a married man! What's wrong with you?" 
Susan: "No, wait! Wait! It's not what you think!" 
Carol: "He hasn't touched me for three years because of, of sluts like you!" 
Susan: "Carol, if you would just stop throwing things at me, I'll explain!" 
Carol: "How, how can you explain? You're screwing my husband!" 
Susan: "No, I'm not screwing him! He's my father!"
(Susan bends over, protecting herself. Carol stops, dropping a bag of beans on the ground, which spill open.) 
Susan: "I'm so sorry. I thought you should know, but he didn't want to tell you." 
Carol: "I want to die." 
Susan: "Oh, no." 
Carol: "I do." 
Susan: "Oh, Carol, you don't have to clean that up. They have clerks for that." 
Carol: "How old are you?" 
Susan: "Thirty-eight." 
Carol: "We've been married thirty-nine years. It's been going on from the start." 
Susan: "Believe me, I didn't want to hurt anyone. I just wanted to find my dad." 
Carol: "I'm glad you did, but you be careful, sweetheart. He's gonna break your heart."
(Carol walks away.) 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Bree's House]
(Bree and Andrew are in the kitchen.) 
Bree: "Andrew, I made an appointment with a therapist for you, me, and Danielle." 
Andrew: "I don't think so." 
Bree: "This pain that you're feeling is completely natural, but it's not gonna go away until you deal with it. Andrew, I want us to heal. I want us to be a family again." 
Andrew: "You know what I want? I want for George Williams to walk through that door so I can take a knife and plunge it into his heart. I want the pharmacist to pay for what he did to my father." 
Bree: "Well, the good news is he's, he's dead." 
Andrew: "He committed suicide. His death was on his terms. That's not justice." 
Bree: "So, are you saying if he were executed, that it would be easier for you to get past this?" 
Andrew: "Of course." 
Bree: "George didn't intend to commit suicide. He was trying to manipulate me into taking him back and he swallowed those pills hoping that I'd feel sorry for him. He just assumed that I would call an ambulance. When I got there, he was already slipping away. I tried to get him to accept responsibility for what he'd done, but he wouldn't." 
Andrew: "So what'd you do?" 
Bree: "Nothing. I just sat there and let him die." 
Andrew: "Oh, my god." 
Bree: "He didn't die on his terms, Andrew. He paid for what he did to your father."
(Andrew hugs Bree.) 
Andrew: "Thank you for telling me this."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Meadowside Psychiatric Hospital Parking Lot]
(Monroe is sitting in his car with the picture of Caleb on the seat next to him. He pulls out a syringe and fills it.) 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Meadowside Psychiatric Hospital]
(Monroe, dressed in scrubs, is pushing a wheelchair around. He passes by another orderly.) 
Monroe: "Hey, how you doin'?"
(He looks at the name register and sees John Doe is in Room 614. He walks into Room 614 and pulls out the syringe, looking around as he enters the room, only to find the room empty. He walks toward the day room where Betty is playing the piano. He sees Caleb in the back with a man in a coat and cap standing behind him. The man approaches Caleb, takes off the hat and coat, and puts it on Caleb. Matthew walks Caleb out of the day room as Monroe watches them pass. He follows.) 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Mike's House]
(Paul goes to the door just as Mike is coming out.) 
Mike: "Yeah?" 
Paul: "Zach's come home." 
Mike: "What? Is he okay?" 
Paul: "He's fine." 
Mike: "Is there anything I can do?" 
Paul: "Thanks for asking. You can leave us alone." 
Mike: "I spent a lot of time looking for Zach and you know why." 
Paul: "Maybe I'm not making myself clear. You come near my son, I'll go to the police. I'll tell them what happened out in that quarry." 
Mike: "You do that and we'll both go down." 
Paul: "Well, you know I'm capable of almost anything. Hey, I thought you'd like to know Zach and I are moving away. I want to give my son a shot at a normal life. I'm sure you'll agree it's for the best." 
Mike: "Now see, this is where you and I don't see eye-to-eye. For Zach's sake, I'll keep quiet, for now, but you're not taking him away. If I see a "for sale" sign in front of that house, I'll call the police. I'm capable of pretty much anything myself."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Fairview County Hospital]
(Nurse hands Carlos forms on a clipboad for him to fill out. Gabrielle is sitting next to him reading a magazine.) 
Nurse: "The doctor's going to give you a full work-up, then we'll start the inoculations. Make sure you fill out everything and the nurse will take you back." 
Carlos: "Thank you." 
Gabrielle: "Boy, Sister Mary's done a number on you." 
Carlos: "Right." 
Gabrielle: "Yes, right. She has you flying halfway across the world to help the poor and there's perfectly good poor right here. For god's sakes, give a buck to a homeless guy." 
Carlos: "It's not the same." 
Gabrielle: "No, it's better because you can do it in the comfort of your own car." 
Carlos: "The point is not to be comfortable, Gabby. It's about easing pain and suffering. Look, I'm trying to be a better person here. Now you can either help me or you can get out of the way, but you can't stop me." 
Nurse: "Carlos Solis? Come with me, please." 
Carlos: "Finish that for me."
(Carlos hands the clipboard to Gabrielle and gets up. Gabrielle gets up and gives the clipboard to the nurse and the nurse's station.) 
Gabrielle: "Here." 
Nurse: "He didn't fill out the allergy section. " 
Gabrielle: "Honey, he's going to a remote village in Africa. Does it really matter that he's allergic to eggs?" 
Nurse: "Actually, yes. Eggs are on the list. He could have a severe reaction to the yellow fever vaccine, and he won't be getting out of bed, let alone leaving the country." 
Gabrielle: "Really? Oh, don't write that down. I wasn't being specific. He's allergic to fish eggs." 
Nurse: "Fish eggs?" 
Gabrielle: "Poor baby's gone his whole life without caviar. Now that's suffering."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Doctor's Office]
(Carlos is sitting with his shirt off as Gabrielle watches.) 
Carlos: "All right, Doc, give me all you got."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Gabrielle's House]
(Carlos is lying on the bed, delirious.) 
Carlos: "It's so hot in this village." 
Gabrielle: "Baby, that's the fever talking. The doctor said you're having an allergic reaction, but you're gonna be fine, okay?" 
Carlos: "Hold me." 
Gabrielle: "Oh, honey. I'm so sorry. Oh, maybe that stupid nun is right. Maybe I am trying to stop you from becoming a better person. It's just that I love you the way you are, greedy, selfish, and insensitive. I'm just scared if you're not those things anymore, you're gonna wake up one day and realize I still am, and then you won't want me." 
Carlos: "I want you. Just hold me." 
Gabrielle: "Oh, Carlos." 
Carlos: "Hold me, Sister Mary."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Susan's House - Outside]
(Susan is painting the garage door.) 
Addison: "Painting in the rain? Is that smart?" 
Susan: "Well, let me see. Painting in the rain or letting the whole world think I'm a whore? I don't know. What do you think?" 
Addison: "Heard you ran into my wife." 
Susan: "Yep." 
Addison: "So?" 
Susan: "So, you are hereby released of any further obligation to be my dad." 
Addison: "Okay. Just so you know, I'm not actually proud of what I've done. You know, my hobbies." 
Susan: "Good for you. Bye." 
Addison: "I have done things I'm proud of. I could give you five examples right now. Okay, maybe three." 
Susan: "You don't have to do this." 
Addison: "I was a volunteer fireman. I, uh, put out fires, I got kittens out of trees, the whole nine yards." 
Susan: "Sweet." 
Addison: "About twenty years ago, I started a foundation to protect wild horses. I probably saved hundreds of them." 
Susan: "Really?" 
Addison: "I'm full of surprises." 
Susan: "Okay, one more." 
Addison: "I wasn't exactly thrilled when you walked back into my life. Now that I've met you, well, you gave me a third thing to be proud of." 
Susan: "That was a good one." 
Addison: "That's why I saved it for last. I have to spend some time working on my marriage. When that's all sorted out, maybe we could continue with the catching up?" 
Susan: "I'll wait for your call."
(Addison walks off.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover:"The stories are as old as time itself."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Paul's House]
Mary Alice Voiceover:"The prodigal son who returns home to the father who forgives him."
(Paul watches lovingly as Zach plays the guitar.) 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Gabrielle's House]
Mary Alice Voiceover:"The jealous wife who tricks the husband who trusts her..."
(Gabrielle gently wipes Carlos' forehead as they lie on the bed.) 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Betty's House]
Mary Alice Voiceover:"The desperate mother who risks everything for the child who needs her."
(Betty covers a sleeping Caleb with a blanket.) 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Addison's House]
Mary Alice Voiceover:"And the faithless husband who hurts the wife who loves him so deeply."
(Addison walks out of the door with keys in hand. He looks at Carol, who is watering the plants.) 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Bree's House - Outside]
Mary Alice Voiceover:"Why do we listen again and again?"
(Bree is gardening while Andrew watches her.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover:"Because these are the stories of family, and once we look past the fighting, pain and the resentment-"
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Advertising Agency Day Care Center]
(Lynette walks in.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover:"-we occasionally like to remind ourselves...there is absolutely nothing more important."
(Lynette picks up Penny and hugs her.) 
Lynette: "Hi, bunny, bunny. Hi."
~ The End ~

