Desperate Housewives 
2x13 - "There's Something About A War"
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Mary Alice Voiceover: Previously on Desperate Housewives
Gabrielle:If you're trying to come between me and my husband,I will take you down.
Sister Mary:Bring it on.
Mary Alice Voiceover:Gaberille threat the nun.
Ron:You good to go.
Mary Alice Voiceover:Susan hit on her doctor.
Danielle:So you came to ask me out,cause I'll say yes.
Mary Alice Voiceover:Bree's daughter let her intention being known.
Mary Alice Voiceover:It's amazing how far we're willing to go.
Bree:Andrew,give me one good reason why shouldn't call the police.
Andrew:Because I'm your son.
Mary Alice Voiceover:All in the name of love.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Edie's House]
(Edie is watching a war movie on TV while eating a dessert.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover:If there is one thing Eddie Brit understood,it was nature of war. 
(Karl walks in, drinking a beer, and sits down next to Edie.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover:After two fail marriages and countless rocky romances,. she had learned love was a battle field and the easiest way to survive the carnage was total surrender.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Flashback - Edie's House]
Edie:You know,I was thinking,a vacation to Rome would be so romantic.
Karl:Vegas is cheaper.
Edie:Oh.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Flashback - Edie's House]
Edie:Could you put your underwear in the hamper?
Karl:Can you do it?You're standing right there.
(Edie throws Karl's underwear in the hamper.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Flashback - Edie's House]
E(die is in the living room where she's looking at a menu.) 
Edie:I've got a hankering for Chinese food tonight.
Karl:No, I'm so over rice.Let's do pizza.
(Edie throws the menu in the trash.) 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Present - Edie's House]
(Edie and Karl are on the couch.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover:But the day comes for every solider when she must take a stand...
(Karl changes the channel to a game.) 
Edie:What do you think you're doing?
Mary Alice Voiceover:... and fight.
Karl:It's time for my game.
Edie:I wanna watch my movie.
Karl:Edie...this is important to me.
Edie:Fine. I have stuff to do anyway.
(Edie gets up and goes to her bedroom.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover:You see, when it came to men,Edie had a battle plan all her own.
(Edie comes downstairs and clears her throat. Karl turns and sees Edie wearing a see-through nightie. She has silk scarves in each hand.) 
Edie:Ahem.You got five minutes for Edie?
(Karl jumps up to follow her.) 
(Later, in Edie's bedroom, Karl is nearly naked, lying on the bed. His hands are tied to the bedposts.) 
Karl:Wow.That's some knot you tied.
Edie:Yeah?Well, it's no fun if it's not tight.You know what would be hot?Mnh-mnh.Whipped cream.
(Edie slinks out of the room.) 
Karl:Oh, you are so bad.
Edie:Oh, you have no idea.
(Edie goes downstairs. She takes the whipped cream and puts it on her dessert.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:Yes, Edie Britt understood the nature of war.
(Edie switches the TV back to her movie. From the bedroom, Karl yells out to her.)
Karl:Edie, it's been ten minutes!Where's the damn whipped cream?
Mary Alice Voiceover:She also knew that to the victor...
Karl:Edie! Edie!
Mary Alice Voiceover:... go the spoils.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Opening Credits
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Outside Betty's House]
Mary Alice Voiceover:The guest bedroom on the second floor of the Applewhite house had the best view in all of Wisteria Lane.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Betty's House]
Mary Alice Voiceover:From its windows one could see from Mike Delfino's house on end of the street all the way to the old Huber place on the other.But, unfortunately,for the room's newest guest...
(Matthew tapes newspapers to the window.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover:...the view was about to change...dramatically.
(Matthew comes downstairs. Caleb is sitting at the bottom of the steps hugging a blanket and pillow. Betty enters and sees Caleb.) 
Betty:What on earth is he doing out?
Matthew:Caleb, go up to your room.Mom and I gotta have a talk now.
(Caleb goes upstairs.) 
Betty:His room?Have you lost your mind?
Matthew:Relax, I've taped newspapers to the windows.People can't see in.
Betty:Caleb,get back down here.
Matthew:No, no, we had a talk.It's fine.He understands what's gonna happen if he's discovered.
Betty:For five seconds he understands it,and then he forgets.You know that.
Matthew:We can protect him without treating him like an animal.
Betty:I am keeping him safe from the police,from the Fosters, from himself.
Matthew:He is not going back downstairs!
Betty:Since when do you talk to me like that?
Matthew:Since I share in the risk.
(The door closes.Matthew walks out.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Church]
(Father Crowley is conducting services.) 
Father Crowley:I have a few announcements.I'd like to acknowledge Mrs. Herbert for spearheading the potluck dinner.Her hard work and tuna melt led to the best turnout in months.
(Carlos sees Gabrielle is cooing at the baby in the pew in front of them.) 
Carlos:She's adorable,isn't she?
Gabrielle:She's okay.
Father Crowley:Next Saturday, the woman's ministry will be holding their annual bake sale from nine a.m. to...
Carlos:Ours would be gorgeous.
Gabrielle:Knock it off.
Carlos:Knock what off?
Gabrielle:Babies, babies, babies.You sound llike a broken record.I just had a miscarriage.It's gonna take some time before I'm ready to get pregnant again.
Carlos:Any idea when you'll be ready?You know, ballpark?
Gabrielle:Stop it. Let's just enjoy the here and now.We're together. Our marriage is back on track. Life is good.
Father Crowley:Before we wrap up,we have a dear friend back from her missionary trip to tell us about her experiences...
(A nun stands up from the front pew. Gabrielle stares.)
Father Crowley:...Sister Mary Bernard.
(Sister Mary turns around.) 
Gabrielle:Son of a bitch!
(Everyone in the church turns to look at her. Gabrielle turns to the woman behind her and shushes her.) 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Bree's House]
(Bree comes home and finds Danielle's backpack at the bottom of the stairs. Bree picks up the backpack and goes upstairs. In Danielle's room, Danielle and Matthew are partially undressed, kissing on her bed. Bree knocks on her door.) 
Bree: Danielle?Honey, are you in there?
(Matthew and Danielle scramble around to get dressed.) 
Danielle:Um,I'm doing homework.
Bree:Really? Because I'm holding your backpack with all your schoolbooks.
Danielle:Hold on!
(Danielle opens the door.)
Danielle:Thanks, mom, I was just doing a little research online.
Bree:Oh, while I'm here I might as well grab some of your laundry.
Danielle:No, please,not right now.
(Bree enters and starts picking up clothes off the floor.) 
Bree:Honey, stop complaining.One day you'll wish that someone were offering to do your laundry.
(Bree gets the laundry basket out of the closet. She turns toward the bed and sees clothes on the floor. She goes over and starts to pick it up when Matthew's hand reaches out and grabs it.) 
Bree: Danielle, question?Is there a black man hiding under your bed?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Betty's House]
(Betty answers the knocking from the front door. Bree, Danielle, and Matthew are there.) 
Betty:What's going on?
Bree:I just thought you should know that I came home to find your son hiding underneath my daughter's bed,and it just seems to me that...
(Betty slaps Matthew's face.) 
Betty: (gasps)Inside.Right now.I apologize for my son's behavior.It won't happen again.I put the house up for sale,and we're moving.Now if you'll excuse me.
(Betty closes the door.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette's House]
(Lynette is looking over paperwork when Tom comes downstairs.) 
Tom:How's it going?
Lynette:Oh, not good. I am trying to salvage the pitch from the Black's Frozen Yogurt campaign.You know what kills me?
Tom:Yeah?
Lynette:Here we are at "t" minus 9 hours and 11 minutes from the biggest pitch in our company's history,and I have nothing even vaguely presentable.
Tom:I'll get the coffee.
Lynette:Thank you.
Tom: Do you wanna...you wanna go over it and toss some ideas around?
Lynette:No, that's okay.I know you're exhausted.You should go to bed.
Tom:Come on, honey, let's do this.Let's nail this sucker.What do we got?
Lynette:We've got... nothing.
Tom:Okay, okay."Black's Frozen Yogurt...let your taste buds come in from the cold."Okay, well,you know, whatever,I'm just knocking the rust off.I can do better now.I can do better."Black's... the Fro-Yo that makes you go whoa."
Lynette: (chuckles) Come on, I'm sorry.I just really need to focus here.
Tom:Okay! "Black's Frozen Yogurt...because our cows are better."Or no! Or... or "Frogurt.""Frogurt... it's fun to eat,fun to say."
Lynette:That's actually good.
Tom:Really?
Lynette:No, the cow part...that could work.We'll... we'll make them into characters.We'll humanize them. Oh!I know! I know!Celebrity cow spokespeople!
Tom:Yes, yes! That's exactly what I was thinking!You know, like, make 'em,like, into, like,famous characters,like, uh...Reverend Moo-nie.what do you...what do you think of that?
(Lynette says nothing.)
Tom:They can't all be gems.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Outside Susan's House - Nighttime]
(Susan and Dr. Ron are returning from a date.) 
Susan:Thank you.I had a fabulous time.
Ron:Me, too.(sighs) Well, I guess I'd better get going.
Susan:Oh, um, well, uh,Julie's staying at her father's house,and, um, I'm all alone here.
Ron:Oh.
Susan:Yeah.Sometimes it actually makes me a little nervous.
Ron:Turn the TV on.That's what I do.
Susan:Oh, that's a good idea.I forgot.I have a bottle of wine.It's already chilled right in the refrigerator,and that'll just really relax me. (chuckles)
Ron:That's good. So, um...we're still good for Thursday?
Susan:Uh, yeah, yeah,Thursday's great.
Ron:So, um...good night.
(Dr. Ron kisses Susan and turns to leave.)
Susan: Do I just repulse you?
Ron:No. Why?
Susan:You know,we've been on three dates,and you just keep acting like a perfect gentleman,and, uh... (sighs)It's getting a little old.
Ron:Okay, Susan, make no mistake,I am, like, inches away from ripping off all your clothes right now.
Susan:A-and you're stopping yourself why?
Ron:Well, I'm still your doctor,and it's not quite...ethical yet.
Susan:Oh. So why are we dating?
Ron:Look, it's only temporary.Once you're well,and I'm done treating you,all bets are off.
Susan:Okay.
Ron:Hmm.
(Dr. Ron turns to leave, then turns back quickly.) 
Ron:Oh, what the hell.
(He grabs Susan and kisses her.) 
Susan:Oh! Mmm.Okay, that sort of felt unethical.
(They both smile and he leaves.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Sister Mary's Car - Daytime]
(Carlos gets in.) 
Sister Mary:Thank you for meeting with me.
Carlos:Sure. I'd have invited you in the house,but the place is a real pigsty.
Sister Mary:Carlos, I'm a nun,not a moron.I know Gabrielle despises me.
Carlos:She's just jealous of you,that's all.
Sister Mary:Of me?Well, isn't that silly?
Carlos: Well, she refuses to believe that I can connect with anyone on a spiritual level.
Sister Mary:We do have an amazing connection.That's why I wanted to talk to you.When I saw you at church,I could tell instantly that you were unhappy.
Carlos:Okay.Maybe I've been a little down lately.
Sister Mary:Tell me.
Carlos:It's the whole having kids thing again.Sister Mary, I just...I want them so bad.
Sister Mary:But Gabrielle still refuses to give them to you?
Carlos:To be fair, she did have a miscarriage recently.
Sister Mary:What if she decides against kids?What if this is just a stall tactic?
Carlos:Then I'm screwed.Sorry. I'm sorry.
Sister Mary:Well, you're right.You're screwed.Unless...
Carlos:Unless what?
(Sister Mary hands Carlos a pamphlet from the glove compartment.)
Carlos:"The American Catholic's Guide to Annulments."Sister mary, what exactly are you saying here?
Sister Mary:I'm saying God helps those who help themselves.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Advertising Agency]
(Lynette is talking on her cell phone.) 
Lynette:Hey,I got great news!We just landed the Black's Frozen Yogurt account!
Tom:Really?They loved the pitch?
Lynette:The talking cows rocked their world.
Tom:Hey, how did they like my president Bull Clinton idea?
Lynette:Uh, well, I rewrote some of the stuff we worked on,but, you know, essentially, it's the same, and they ate it up.
Tom:Oh, that is fantastic!
Lynette:Yeah, and Ed said we can finally afford to hire another executive.
Tom:Terrific!Tell me, did they like the promotional plan sponsoring the cow-tipping contest?
Lynette:Uh, well,the pitch was running long,so we cut a few things.
Tom:I'm just glad they loved my idea.
Lynette:Well, to be fair...
Tom: Did they like the Hugh Heifer and the Playcows?
Lynette:They're calling me in for a meeting.I gotta go. Love you. Bye!
Tom: (whispers) Yes!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Hospital]
(Dr. Ron is pointing to an x-ray film.)
Ron:So this is your spleen.Normally,it would be over here.But because of your missing ligament structure,it has wandered over there right next to your liver.Now we discussed it at the staff meeting.Everyone thinks you should have it removed immediately.
Susan:Oh, well, okay.I mean,I guess... I guess you guys probably have all sorts of new, exciting techniques where you don't even cut open the body.
Ron:No, not really.
Susan:No?So...we're talking surgery?Yeah, well, I guess I can handle that.People get cut open every day.
Ron:So, um,I'm assuming you're good with me doing the surgery, right?
Susan:You?
Ron:I mean, it seems natural.I know the most about your case.I promise you'll be in very good hands.
Susan:Oh, uh, well, um...uh...
Ron:What?
Susan:The first time you'll see me naked,I'll be on an operating table.
Ron:Well,I promise I'll be a perfect gentleman.My eyes will be strictly on the spleen.
(A nurse enters the room.) 
Nurse: Doctor, Mrs. Baker's here for her follow-up.
Ron:Right.And we need to schedule Susan for a splenectomy with me.
Nurse:Oh, congratulations!
Ron:So I will call you later?
(Dr. Ron leaves the room.)
Nurse:Oh, I am so happy for him.He's such a doll.
Susan:I'm curious. Um...why were you so congratulatory?
Nurse:Oh, the spleen surgery...it'll be his first!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Gabrielle's House - Daytime]
(Gabrielle is reading a magazine when Carlos walks in.) 
Carlos:Hey, honey.Can we talk about something?
Gabrielle:Sure.
Carlos:So I've been thinking about the whole baby thing.And how ever long it takes for you to feel ready,I am fine with.
Gabrielle:Okay.
Carlos:But here's the deal...I need to know that this isn't a maybe.I want a promise that we will have children.
Gabrielle:I'm sorry.I can't promise that.
Carlos:Why not?
Gabrielle:Because I can't say that I'm gonna wake up tomorrow and suddenly wanna do something that I swore my entire life.I would never do. "maybe" is a very big step for me.
Carlos:Yeah, well, it isn't big enough for me.
Gabrielle:Well, I'm sorry, but you're just gonna have to accept it.There's nothing else you can do.
Carlos:That isn't necessarily true.
Gabrielle:Excuse me?
(Carlos tosses the annulment pamphlet to Gabrielle.)
Gabrielle:You are threatening me with an annulment?That conniving little bitch put you up to this, didn't she?Didn't she?
Carlos:This fight could be over right now if you'd just make me a promise.
Gabrielle:The only promise I am making you is that this is so not over.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette's House - Nighttime]
(Tom is doing dishes. Lynette walks in.)
Lynette:Hi!
Tom:Hey.
Lynette:Hi.
Tom:How's the search coming for the new ad exec? Any luck?
Lynette:Oh, the pickings are slim.So far none of my top choices are available.Hey, um, do you have someone from your old company that you could, you know,maybe recommend?
(Parker comes downstairs, stopping near the bottom.)
Parker: Daddy!
Tom:Well...
Parker:I can't find my toothbrush.
Tom:I'll be up in a second, buddy.
Lynette (to Parker):Hi.
(Parker runs back upstairs.)
Tom:As a matter of fact,there's this one guy who would be perfect.
Lynette:Yeah?
Tom:Yeah, hard-working,smart as a whip. Total package.
Lynette:Really? What's his name?
Tom:Tom.
Lynette:Tom? Tom what?
Tom:Tom Scavo.
Lynette:Oh!No! No!I do not think that that is a good idea.
Tom:Come on, honey,I mean, the other night doing those pitches...it just got the old juices flowing.I remembered how much I miss having a real job.
Lynette:You have a real job, right here staying home with the kids.
Tom:With two incomes, we could afford a top-notch nanny.
Lynette:What about Penny?
Tom:You're the one who fought for office dday care. Let's use it. 
Lynette:What about the two of us working and living together?I think that could be a recipe for disaster.
Tom:Why? The last time that we worked together...we fell in love.
Lynette:Oh, it's just...I'm...I'm not sure that you would find this job that satisfying.
Tom:You don't think I'm good enough, do you?
Lynette:I'm not saying that.
(Parker comes back down the stairs.) 
Parker: Daddy,I still can't find my toothbrush!
Lynette:I'll go.
Tom:I got it.Come on, buddy.Let's hunt it down.
Parker:So who won the fight?
Tom:We weren't fighting.Mommy's just letting daddy know where he stands.
Lynette:Oh, hey! Hey!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Advertising Agency]
(Ed and Lynette are conducting interviews.)
Ed:Thanks for coming in,Mr. Gainey. We'll be in touch.
Lynette:Thank you. Bye.
Ed:What did you think?
Lynette:Well, honestly,I wasn't blown away.
Ed:I know the pickings are slim,but we can't hold out much longer.We need to hire someone this week.
Lynette:I know! I know! I know.So who's up next?
Ed:Tom Cavos.You ever heard of him?
(Lynette sees Tom in the outer office talking to the secretary.)
Lynette:Just... uh...could you excuse me for just a minute?
Ed:Sure.
Lynette:Tom Cavos?
Tom:Yeah, it's an anagram.It's deceptively simple,don't you think?
Lynette:What do you think you're doing?
Tom:I'm going over your head.I mean, you might not think I'm good enough,but maybe Ed will be a little more open-minded,since, you know, he's not constantly competing with me.
Lynette:You want the truth, Tom?I think you're good.You have moments of brilliance.But I also think sometimes you coast.And I think if I were your boss and had to ride your ass every day,you would come home seething with resentment.Come on! It's hard enough keeping a marriage together.
Tom:If you're at all concerned about saving our marriage,you better let me take my shot.
Lynette:What does that mean?
Tom:It means that a little part of me has been hating you ever since you tanked my promotion at Petersen.
Lynette:Tom...
Tom:But I could let it all go if you'll give me this one thing.
Pat:Excuse me.Ed's waiting for you guys.
Lynette:Great! Great!
Tom:Just let my résumé speak for itself.
Lynette:Uh, just let your résumé speak for itself?
Tom:Yes.
Lynette: (laughs nervously) Okay!
(Later, Ed, Tom, and Lynette are in Ed's office.) 
Ed:Oh! You worked the Poncer Cheese accounts?Those "angry mouse" spots?They were hilarious!
Tom:I was on that from the beginning.
Ed (high-pitched voice):"Warning, do not eat the cheese!The cheese is evil!"I love that!You've got a great résumé.
Tom:Thank you.
Lynette:Yeah, gosh, it is.It's quite impressive.Oh, wow,I see you worked for Bellfore and Barrasso.That's a great shop.
Tom:Yeah, I put my time in.
Lynette:Uh-huh, and when were you there?Because you forgot to list your dates of employment for that one.
Tom:Um, that was a few years back.
Lynette:Uh-huh. And how long did you stay?
Tom:Just about five months,actually.
Lynette:What, did you get recruited by another firm?Did somebody cherry-pick ya?
Tom:No, I was fired.
Lynette:Oh.
Tom:Yeah, but honestly,I was happy to leave because they didn't get my sense of humor.I actually pitched a version of the "cheese is evil" there first. They hated it.
Ed:Idiots!Well, their loss, right?
Tom:Yep.
Ed:And I see you won a Clio for the Thompson's Salad Dressing spot.That was very cool.
Lynette:So did you do that solo?
Tom:Actually, no. My wife helped me on that one.Um, she's in advertising, too.But if you were to ask her,I'm sure she'd tell you she did the whole thing all by herself.
Ed:Credit hog, huh?I know the type.You know what,Tom?I like you.
Lynette:Ed...
Ed:And I'm not usually one for hiring in the room.
Lynette:No, no, no, no,we never hire in the room.
Ed:But we're in a time crunch,and we need someone now.I think you're the guy.Lynette,you got any issues?
Lynette:Well...um, let me just call in a few references before we make anything official.
Ed:Sure! Sure!We'll be in touch, okay?(high-pitched voice)"The cheese is evil!"Oh, god, I love that.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Church]
(Gabrielle enters and speaks to a Priest.)
Gabrielle:Oh, um, I'm looking for Father Crowley.Do you know where he is?
Priest:Um, he's in the confessional.
(Gabrielle enters the confessional.)
Father Crowley:How long has it been since your last confession?
Gabrielle:Who cares?Father, it's me.
Father Crowley:Gabrielle?
Gabrielle:Yeah.Look,I need you to do something for me.I need you to get rid of Sister Mary Bernard.
Father Crowley:What? Why?
Gabrielle:Because she's ruining my marriage.
Father Crowley:Sister Mary?
Gabrielle:Yes!At first it started with the love letters while he was in prison,and the next thing I know,they're spending day and night together...sneaking off to private bible study,and one-on-one spiritual consultation.
Father Crowley:Gabrielle...
Gabrielle:And if that wasn't enough, he is saying her name in his sleep.(imitates carlos)"Hold me, Sister Mary, hold me."(normal voice) It's disgusting.He's like a lovesick puppy.
Father Crowley: (sighs) Do you have reason to believe that your husband and Sister Mary are...having sex?Speak from the heart,Gabrielle.This is just between me, you and God.
Gabrielle:Yeah... yep.They're having sex.Carlos confessed everything...right before he asked for an annulment.
(Father Crowley leaves the confessional. Gabrielle steps out, just as another priest passes her and enters the confessional Father Crowley just left. Gabrielle goes back into the confessional.) 
Gabrielle (bored voice):Forgive me,Father, for I have sinned.
Priest:How long since your last confession?
Gabrielle:Mm, not that long ago.Look, I sorta told a fib,so...how many "Hail Marys" is that gonna set me back?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Bree's House]
(Danielle is lying on her bed, crying, when Bree walks in.) 
Bree:Oh, honey.
Danielle:Go away!
Bree:Oh, honey, what happened wasn't my fault.There's no way I could've predicted how Betty would react.
Danielle:Oh, please, you knew something bad would happen.You wanted all this to blow up in my face.
Bree:Oh, honey,why would I want that?
Danielle:Because you're jealous that my life's just getting started and yours is over.
Bree: Danielle, that's ridiculous,sweetheart.
Danielle: Daddy's dead.You drove your boyfriend to suicide.You're getting older by the minute,and soon you'll be so dried up and bitter that no man will ever want to touch you ever again.
Bree:Danielle...
Danielle:And now you're determined to ruin my life so I have to stay with you here and keep you company while you turn into an old fossil.
Bree:All I ever wanted was for you to be happy.
Danielle:Don't just want it.Make it happen.
(Bree slowly leaves, then comes back in a few seconds later.) 
Bree:Danielle,I don't feel much like cooking tonight.I'm thinking of ordering a pizza.
Danielle:I want Canadian bacon.Please.
Bree:All right.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Betty's House]
(Matthew comes in, looks at Betty, and goes upstairs.) 
Caleb:He's mad at you 'cause you hit him.
Betty:Well, I feel bad about that.But when I consider the risks he was taking...
Caleb:It's a shame he can't see that girl.She's so pretty.
Betty:What did you say about Danielle?
Caleb:I said that she...
Betty:You know I don't want you thinking about things like that.
Caleb:I'm sorry.I didn't. I'm sorry.
Betty:It's okay. It's okay.Go on and run up to your room.Read the comics I got you.And, Caleb?If I ever catch you looking at that Van De Kamp girl,I'll hit you twice as hard as I hit your brother,and I won't feel bad about it.Okay?
Caleb:Okay.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Susan's House - Nighttime]
(Susan and Dr. Ron are having dinner. Susan watches as Dr. Ron tries cutting the meat on his plate.) 
Susan:So this whole splenectomy thing...you feel good about it, huh?
Ron:Yeah, yeah, I told you.It's a routine surgery.You're gonna be fine.
Susan:Right, right.Actually,I sort of meant, um...do you personally feel confident?
Ron:What do you mean?
Susan:Well, you know,you're gonna be...hacking into me,and I just wanted to make sure that you feel ready.
Ron:I've never taken out a spleen before.But believe me,it's no big deal.Spleen, gallbladder...it's all the same.
Susan:Okay, red flag! See, I didn't go to medical school,but I'm thinking...not all the same.
Ron:Susan, I know what I'm doing.You're gonna have to trust me.
Susan:I would like to.But I gotta be honest...the fact that you can't even cut that steak isn't helping.
Ron:That's not fair.You overcooked it,and, frankly,it's not the freshest meat.
Susan:Well, neither am I.I've got 35 years on that cow.
Ron:Wait, Susan, are you saying you don't want me to be your surgeon?Uh...
Susan:I'm sorry.I don't mean this to sound the wrong way. I just...I would be more comfortable with an experienced surgeon.
Ron:That's okay. I understand.
Susan:Thank you.
Ron:I should really be going.
Susan:What?I didn't even serve dessert yet.You said you understood!

Ron:No, I do,I do.I respect your decision to see another doctor,but you know what?You need to respect that my feelings are hurt.
Susan:What? You want me to put my life on the line to service your ego?
Ron:I save lives every day.I cut. I save. I cut. I save.That's what I do,and if that gives me an out-of-control ego,well, maybe I need that to cut into another human being.
Susan: (engine starts)Jim...
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette's House - Nighttime]
(Tom is sitting at the table, reading the paper. Lynette comes home.) 
Lynette:Hey.
Tom:Hey.Dinner's ready.
(He points to a covered dinner plate on the table.) 
Lynette:Oh.
Tom:So did you call around?Check on my references?
Lynette:I told Ed you were my husband,and he was cool with that.He really wants to hire you.So who am I to stand in the way?
Tom:Really? So I got the job?
Lynette:On one condition.If you take this job,you are never allowed to bring up what happened before with your promotion.
Tom:That's it? Deal.
Lynette:No, it's not a deal.I need a solemn vow that you will never throw that in my face ever again.Because if you do,you will unleash demons that you do not wanna meet.
Tom:I get it.
Lynette:And what I really need from you...is to be forgiven.
Tom:Actually,I already had.
(Lynette uncovers her plate and Tom pours her some wine.) 
Lynette:This dinner is really good.
Tom:Thank you.
(He leans over and kisses Lynette, who has tears in her eyes.)
Tom:Thank you.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Betty's House - Daytime]
(In the second-story bedroom, Caleb is tearing the paper off of the window. He sees Bree approaching his mother in the front yard.) 
Bree:Hi, Betty.
Betty:Hello.
Bree:I wanted to talk to you about what happened the other day with the kids.
Betty:I told you,we will be moving soon.There's nothing to worry about.
Bree:Well, my fear is that if we keep them apart,they'll try that much harder to be together.I mean, you know how teenagers can be,and, well, a lot can happen in a couple of weeks.
Betty:I'll make a deal with you.If you control yours,I will control mine.
Bree:Well, how about some old-fashioned chaperoning?That way they can, um,still see each other,and we won't have to be the villains.
(Bree looks up to the second floor and sees Caleb standing in the window.) 
Betty:When it comes to my son's best interests,I'm not afraid of being the villain.I assumed that you would feel the same way, Bree.
Bree:Now that you mention it,I guess I do.I have to go. I have some,um, muffins in the oven.
(Bree hurries off.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Bree's House - Daytime]
(Bree is going through her recycling stack of old newspapers. She finds the one with Caleb's picture on the front, takes it into the house, and picks up the phone.)
Danielle: Mom, what's wrong?
Bree:It's the Applewhites. I don't want you to go near them.
Danielle:What?!
Bree:Do you remember the man they arrested...the one that broke into Gabrielle's and escaped from the mental hospital?He's there.I saw him in their window.They're hiding him.
Danielle:You're kidding.
Bree:No, I'm not.And I forbid you to go over there.
(She speaks into the phone.) 
Bree: Lynette, hi, it's Bree.Uh, listen,call me when you get this message,and please come to poker tonight.I have some big news about the Applewhites.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Gabrielle's House - Daytime]
(Carlos is on the phone.) 
Carlos:All right, bye.
Gabrielle:Who was that?
Carlos:Sister Mary.They just transferred her to a parish in Fairbanks, Alaska.
Gabrielle:You're kidding me. Why?
Carlos:She doesn't know.The diocese wouldn't even give her a reason.
Gabrielle:Ah,Vatican politics.What's wrong?
(Gabrielle sees the annulment pamphlet sticking out of Carlos' bible. She pulls it out.)
Carlos:I think I'm just coming down with a migraine.
Gabrielle:Oh, well, maybe you should go lie down.I'm gonna be out for a while.
Carlos:Mm-hmm.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Hospital]
(Susan is sitting in the waiting room. Dr. Ron and another doctor are approaching. Dr. Ron sees Susan.) 
Ron (to the other doctor):Uh, I'll see you there.
(Dr. Ron enters the waiting room.) 
Ron:Susan?What are you doing here?
Susan:We need to talk.
Ron:Okay, all right,but, look,I just got out of surgery.
Susan:I've been waiting for three hours.After you stormed out the other night,I started to doubt myself.I started to think,"gee, you know, maybe I should just ignore my better instincts,and I should let Dr. Ron gut me like a fish."
Ron:Susan...
Susan:I mean, why not?'Cause all my life,I have jumped through hoops to keep men from leaving.But I'm not doing it anymore.So tough luck, pally.You just missed out on a good thing.
(She snaps her fingers in front of his face.)
Ron:Susan...you've been here for three hours?
Susan:Yeah.
Ron:Well, two hours ago,flowers, champagne and an apology note were delivered to your doorstep.
Susan:Really?
Ron: Look,I put our relationship at risk, all right?And it was stupid.I haven't felt this way about somebody in a long time.Susan,I really like you.And because of that,I...I can't be your doctor,let alone, your surgeon.I mean,there's a pretty good reason why they make those rules.Listen, I hope you forgive me, all right?Because I'll hate myself if I lose you.
Susan:Wow.I wouldn't want you to hate yourself.
Ron:No.
Susan:And I am so sorry about that... snap thing.I was just trying to be theatrical.
Ron:Yeah.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Wisteria Lane Park - Daytime]
Matthew:I got your note.What's going on?
Danielle:Are you hiding someone in your house?
Matthew:What?
Danielle:My mom saw someone in your second-story window.She thinks it's the guy who broke into Mrs. Solis'.
Matthew:Damn it, Caleb.
Danielle:Is that his name?
Matthew:Has she told anybody else?
Danielle:She left messages on her friends' machines.They're coming over soon to get detail. 
Matthew:We're gonna have to leave tonight. This is...
Danielle:Why? What's going on?
Matthew:I would love to tell you,believe me, I would.But I can't.
Danielle:If you trust me,I could help you.My family has secrets, too.
Matthew:What my brother did...it's bad.
Danielle: Last year my brother did something really awful,and my parents covered it up for him.If anyone were to ever find out,Andrew and my mom could go to jail.So you don't have to worry about me judging you.Tell me your secrets.I'll understand.
Matthew:Okay.But you tell me yours first.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Church]
(Sister Mary is scrubbing the floors on her hands and knees when Gabrielle walks in.)
Sister Mary:What are you doing here?
Gabrielle:I heard you were being transferred so I came to say good-bye.
Sister Mary:Come to gloat is more like it.
Gabrielle:No, we've had our differences,but that doesn't mean I'm happy to see you shipped off to Alaska.Brr.
Sister Mary:You had something to do with this, didn't you?
Gabrielle:Me? Oh, I'm just a humble sinner.You're the one with all the power around here...all the... annulment mojo.
(Sister Mary stands up and removes her apron.) 
Sister Mary:Is that why you did it?Well, getting rid of me isn't gonna change anything.Carlos will do what he wants.The problems in your marriage aren't going away.
Gabrielle:Maybe not...but you certainly are.You missed a spot.
(Gabrielle begins to walk away from Sister Mary. Sister Mary throws the brush in her hand and hits Gabrielle on the back of the head.) 
Gabrielle:Ah! Oh.That was a mistake.
(Gabrielle walks back and slaps Sister Mary's face.)
Gabrielle:There.I think we're all done here.
(Gabrielle starts to walk away. Sister Mary grabs her by the hair and pulls her back and starts spinning her around. Another nun and some children enter the church. Sister Mary starts to choke Gabrielle. Gabrielle reaches behind her and hits Sister Mary with her purse. The other nun runs out for help. Sister Mary and Gabrielle release each other, then charge at each other. Gabrielle pushes Sister Mary to the table with all the lit candles. Sister Mary's sleeve catches fire.Sister Mary screams.) 
Gabrielle:Oh, my god!Oh, my god! Hold on!
(Gabrielle runs, pulls down a "Jesus Saves" banner and wraps it around Sister Mary. She pushes Sister Mary to the floor and tries to pat out the flames. The flames are out.)
Gabrielle:Are you okay?
(Gabrielle tries to help Sister Mary up and Sister Mary bites her on the arm. Gabrielle screams and they roll around on the floor in front of the children. A priest enters the room and begins pulling them apart.) 
Priest:Stop fighting!Stop fighting! No!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Outside Gabrielle's House - Daytime]
(Gabrielle pulls in. Carlos comes outside. Gabrielle is in total disarray.)
Carlos:What the hell were you thinking?
Gabrielle:Uh, depends.What have you heard?
Carlos:I got a call from the church.They said you attacked Sister Mary.
Gabrielle:Yeah, that's about right.
Carlos:What are you thinking?
Gabrielle:I wasn't, but I was thinking about it on the way over here.And I realized the ass I should be kicking is yours.
Carlos:Mine?
Gabrielle:Yes!Sister Mary manipulated you into threatening me,but you're the idiot that fell for it.
Carlos:I was not threatening you.I was asking for a promise.
Gabrielle:You made me a promise, Carlos,a long time ago...till death do us part.And one day you just come home and start throwing words around like annulment.How do you think that makes me feel?
Carlos:Okay, I'm sorry about that.I need to have a child.
Gabrielle:And I need to know I'm the woman you want to spend the rest of your life with,not just some uterus in high heels.
Carlos:Gabrielle, please...
Gabrielle:No, Carlos, I am sorry.I am not gonna be blackmailed into giving birth.You have to choose.And I wish you would do it so I can move on with my life.
Carlos:Well, of course I choose you.
Gabrielle:I think that's the right decision.You know,I made a decision, too.The answer to your question earlier is yes.
Carlos:Yes...
Gabrielle:I wanna have a baby.I wanna have a baby with you.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Bree's House - Nighttime]
(Bree is preparing for her poker game. The doorbell rings.) 
Bree:Betty.What a surprise.
Betty:Can I talk to you for a moment?
Bree:Uh, now is actually not a good time for me.
Betty:I think it is.I wanted to chat with you before you did something foolish.
Bree:I don't know what you mean.
Betty:The person you saw at my house today is my other son.His name is Caleb.He didn't harm Gabrielle,and he didn't hurt the man in the car trunk.That's all you need to know.
Bree:He's your son?
Betty:He's my dear son who happens to be slow.Sometimes he makes mistakes.
Bree:But, Betty, the police are looking for him.He escaped from that facility they sent him to.
Betty:He had help, trust me.I've always thought the maternal instinct is one of nature's most amazing gifts.I mean, the length that some mothers will go to to protect their children...it drives ordinary women to do extraordinary things,women like me, Bree,and like you.
Bree:What are you talking about?
Betty:If you breathe one word of Caleb's existence to anyone,I will tell Carlos,Gabrielle and the police that it was your son driving the car that killed Juanita Solis and that you have been covering up his crime ever since.We're going to be great friends, Bree.We have so much in common.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Outside Bree's House - Nighttime]
(Edie, Gabrielle, Susan and Lynette are approaching Bree's house.) 
Gabrielle:So is that all she said?
Lynette:Yeah, something about the Applewhites.I'm dying of curiosity.
(They ring the doorbell. Bree, inside, seems in shock after her conversation with Betty.)
Betty:It's rude to keep people waiting.
(Bree answers the door.) 
Bree:Hi. Come on in.
Edie:So, spill it.What's the scoop on the Applewhites?
Bree:Um, about that... um...
Gabrielle:Oh, Bree,come on, dish already!
Bree:Well, perhaps I got more excited than I should have,but I recently found out that Betty Applewhite is quite the poker player,and so, uh, I have invited her to join our weekly game.
(Betty comes out of the kitchen holding a food platter.)
Betty:Hello, everybody.I hope you brought your checkbooks because I am feeling lucky.
(Later, the women sit around the poker table, holding their cards.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover:Everyone understands the nature of war.
Betty:I raise.
Mary Alice Voiceover:We also understand that victory dends on the cards that we have been dealt.
(Susan folds, Gabrielle folds, Lynette folds, and finally Edie folds.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover:Some, when faced with a bloody battle,simply give in.
(Betty and Bree look at each other from across the table.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover:But for some,surrender is unacceptable.
Betty:Well, Bree,what are you gonna do?
Mary Alice Voiceover:Even though they know it will be a fight...
Bree:I'll raise you.
Mary Alice Voiceover:... to the death.
~ The End ~

