Desperate Housewives
4X17 Free (2)
------------------------------------------------------------
[The next morning]
Mary Alice Voiceover: It had been 14 years since Katherine Mayfair had been in a police station, but she remembered the conversation like it was yesterday.
[14 years ago]
Female police officer: Would you like some water, honey?
Katherine: Thanks.
Female police officer: So... I take it this isn't the first time your husband's hit you?
Katherine: He keeps promising to stop, but it just gets worse. And I'm afraid he's gonna do something to my daughter. Please, you have to help me.
Female police officer: Have you reported him before?
Katherine: Once, but when I called, they said they couldn't find the paperwork.
Female police officer: Oh. Your husband's Wayne Davis, one of our patrolmen. Want some advice? Wayne's got a lot of friends around here. Of course you can press charges, but...I can't guarantee that one of his friends won't lose the paperwork again.
Katherine: Then what should I do?
Female police officer: Get as much money as you can lay your hands on, grab your daughter...and run.
Mary Alice Voiceover: And so she did...to a place she thought would be safe.
[Present]
Detective Pete Romslo: Mrs. Mayfair? I'm Detective Romslo. Can I help you? Why exactly would you think that Dr. Mayfair was kidnapped?
Katherine: No one in the school parking lot heard or saw anything suspicious. That's because the man responsible for this--my ex--knows a little something about how to commit a crime. He's a cop.
Detective Pete Romslo: What's his name?
Katherine: Wayne Davis. 
Detective Pete Romslo: Huh.
Katherine: What? 
Detective Pete Romslo: Well, it's just, uh...I know Wayne. We've hung out together. He's a hell of a golfer.
Katherine: Well, believe me when I tell you he wasn't a hell of a husband.
Detective Pete Romslo: Is that what this is about? Some payback for an ancient domestic dispute?
Katherine: Please. You have to do something. Because once Wayne is done with Adam, he's going to come after me. And this time, he's gonna kill me. I know it.
Detective Pete Romslo: I'll look into it. If you would just, uh, fill out this paperwork...
Mary Alice Voiceover: In that moment, Katherine knew exactly what she had to do...again.

Dylan: Mom, stop. You're not making any sense. 
Katherine: There's no time. Wayne is coming. He took Adam. We're next.
Dylan: But why? Why would he do that? And if we're in so much danger, then why aren't we calling the police? 
Katherine: The police will not help. Dylan, please! Go pack your things. We need to be gone before he gets here. 
Dylan: Stop! I'm not going anywhere until you tell me what's going on. Why do I have to be afraid of my father?
Mary Alice Voiceover: Katherine Mayfair had been running from the truth for a long time...
Katherine: Okay. I'll tell you.
Dylan: No!
Katherine: Dylan. Dylan, I'm sorry. I had no choice! 
Dylan: No!
Katherine: Dylan!
Mary Alice Voiceover: …and it had finally caught up with her.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Bree’s house]
Mary Alice Voiceover: There's a ritual my friends have observed for years. Once a week, they meet to play a game of cards and talk about their lives. There's always laughter and wine...and talk about the neighbors.
Gabrielle: No way, Bree. I don't want Katherine in our games. She bums me out. 
Lynette: Oh, I'm with Gaby. I mean, you know me. I always like to give people the benefit of the doubt... 
Bree: No, you don't.
Lynette: No, I don't, but let's say I did. Katherine has this aloof quality. It's like she's always trying to keep us at arm's length. 
Susan: Well, I have to agree. She's changed. She's not that fun anymore. 
Bree: Ladies, I don't know what you're talking about. Katherine has all sorts of wonderful qualities. 
Gabrielle: Name one, and keep in mind that "aloof" and "unfun" have already been taken.
Bree: Well, I admit she plays her cards close to the vest, but some of you could benefit from that kind of quiet dignity, Miss I-chew-gum- like-a-1930s-gun-moll.
Lynette: Bree, you can talk Katherine up all you want, but she is just never gonna be one of us.
Katherine: Anybody home? Oh.
Bree: Hi! We were just talking about you. 
Susan: Random chitchat, nothing specific.
Katherine: That's nice. Could I talk to you for a minute?
Bree: Hey. What's going on? 
Katherine: Okay, I know it's last minute, but I have to leave town, so I'm not gonna be able to help you cater the commitment ceremony. 
Bree: It's tomorrow! A hundred gay men are descending on this street, And they're expecting a fabulous party. 
Katherine: I feel awful, but I wouldn't bail on you if it weren't important.
Bree: Okay. Well, what's going on?
Katherine: I can't tell you. Again, I'm so sorry. Good luck.
Bree: All right, you can all wipe those smug looks off your faces, because every one of you has just become my employee.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Susan’s house]
Susan: Hey, got any plans tomorrow at 5:00 a.m.? 'Cause now you do. Bree needs about two truckloads of flowers picked up from...What?
Julie: Guess who got off the wait-list at Princeton!
Susan: Oh, my god. Oh, my god! I'm so proud of you! Okay, I am going to need a bumper sticker right away so I can start annoying all the other parents! 
Julie: Sure. I'll snag you one when I get there on Tuesday.
Susan: Tuesday? What are you talking about? 
Julie: Okay, you know that professor who read my senior thesis? Well, he was so impressed that he asked me to come out and do a summer internship. I'm leaving next week.
Susan: Next week? W-well, that is a big...No.
Julie: No? Mom, I have to. It's a huge honor.
Susan: Yes...To be chosen, and you have been chosen. So congratulations, and you're staying home.
Mike: Oh, you're not letting her go?
Susan: But it's a huge honor. Yes, we've established that. It's huge. It's an honor. We get it.
Julie: Give me one good reason why I can't go.
Susan: Well, the first thing off the top of my head...uh...We can't afford it.
Mike: Susan, can I talk to you for a sec? You know, I just inherited 5 grand from grandpa Maynard, and I... I'd really like to help Julie do this.
Susan: Mike, that is so sweet. (to Julie) Mike makes another good point. Who is this professor? I don't know him. I am certainly not going to give my daughter to him for a summer. I'm sorry, Julie. This is not happening.
Julie: This totally sucks.
Susan: Well, yes, but don't forget--It is a huge honor.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette’s house]
Lynette: Hey. You know what we haven't done in a really long time? Made 250 mini pizzas in one afternoon.
Tom: What are you talking about?
Lynette: Bree's in a horrible jam, and I told her we'd help cater the commitment ceremony tomorrow.
Tom: I can't. I'm busy, remember? I'm taking this stuff to Kayla, my daughter who lives four and a half hours away now.
Lynette: Okay, so at the risk of cracking these eggshells I've been walking on all week, any idea when you're gonna stop being so angry?
Tom: I'm not angry at you. 
Lynette: 'Cause you know we didn't have a choice, Tom. We had to get her out of the house.
Tom: I know. I am angry at the situation. Can you please just let me be angry?
Lynette: Fine. You can be as angry and sulky and pissy as you want, just so long as you're here tomorrow, helping me crank out 250 mini pizzas.
Tom: You know, I've been told that some wives ask their husbands for favors and actually say, "Please."
Lynette: Oh, Tom. Don't you know an urban myth when you hear one?
------------------------------------------------------------
[Gabrielle’s house]
Gabrielle: Okay, so here's the deal. Bree needs all of these wedding favors wrapped by tomorrow, and she's really counting on me, so... I'm gonna need you to hurry.
Carlos: I just got off the phone with the credit card company. Do you have something that you wanna tell me?
Gabrielle: Mm...well, it would be easier if I knew what you knew. 
Carlos: Damn it, Gaby, enough shopping! You've maxed out every credit card we own. I mean, we are so broke right now, It's gonna be a miracle if we don't end up on the street. 
Gabrielle: Okay, when you yell at me, I get upset. And you know what I do when I get upset? I shop. So if we do end up homeless, guess whose fault it'll be.
Carlos: Whatever. I'm gonna go read porn...in Braille.

Gabrielle: (on phone) Hello? 
Ellie: (on phone) Gaby, it's Ellie.
Gabrielle: (on phone) Ellie, you can't call me! The cops are all over my ass because they think I helped you escape.
Ellie: (on phone) I'm sorry. I just need one more favor, and then I'll never bother you again. 
Gabrielle: (on phone) Oh! Ellie, I don't know. What is it?
Ellie: (on phone) I left my teddy bear in the coat closet. I need you to bring it to me. 
Gabrielle: (on phone) Teddy bear? What is that, code for "a pound of blow"?
Ellie: (on phone) No, it's an actual teddy bear. My dad gave it to me when I was 5, and it's the only thing I have left to remember him by.
Gabrielle: (on phone) Crap. Ya had to play the daddy card.

Gabrielle: Hmm.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Scavo’s pizzeria]
Bree: So after the ceremony, we'll open up the buffet...
Lynette: Mm-hmm. Uh, chicken Marsala, and pasta for the vegetarians.
Bree: And dancing, roll out the cake, you leave for your honeymoon, and I will collapse in a tasteful heap.
Lee: Hold it. You didn't say anything about the ice sculpture.
Bree: Oh! Yes, I'm sorry. One cherub delivered at 1:30. 
Lee: Cherub? No, I specifically told Katherine we were gonna go with the enchanted castle. 
Bob: And I told her we'd go with the cherub because we are not 8-year-old girls. 
Lee: Bob, all my life I have dreamt of having a wedding reception in which I would serve drinks from a vodka moat surrounding an enchanted castle rendered in ice, and I don't think that's too much to ask. 
Bob: Remember when you asked me to tell you when you start acting like Faye Dunaway from the boardroom scene in "Mommie dearest"?
Bree: Uh, why don't I let you two work this out?
Lee: Fine, we'll go with the stupid baby angel. I need some coffee.

Bree: Why are you here? And don't say for the pizza, because I know you're lactose-intolerant.
Orson: I heard Katherine left you in the lurch. I'm here to offer my assistance. 
Bree: Oh, I get it. So I'm desperate and vulnerable, and you're gonna swoop in and save the day. Well, thank you very much. I'm fine. 
Orson: Darling, don't be stubborn. You're gonna need place cards, and you know I have excellent penmanship. 
Bree: Don't you dare throw your calligraphy skills in my face when you know I'm at a low point. Now go! And stop following me.

Tom: You're doomed.
Lee: Excuse me?
Tom: The way you just caved on that sculpture thing? You're setting the tone for your entire marriage. 
Lee: I am?
Tom: Yeah. You gotta dig in your heels. Otherwise, you're gonna be pushed around for the next...Let's see. How long have I been married? Ten and a half years.

Lee: I want my castle.
Bob: Lee... 
Lee: It is the only thing I've asked for, and damn it, I'm entitled to it.
Bob: Fine.
Lee: Oh. Thank you.

Bree: All right, so I will call the ice sculptor and see if we can-- 
Bob: Forget it. We're sticking with the cherub. And later, when he bitches about it, I'll just buy him some jewelry.
Lynette: You sure you haven't been married before?
------------------------------------------------------------
[Gabrielle’s house]
Carlos: Hey, Gaby?
Gabrielle: Over here, Carlos.
Carlos: You know, I got a theory as to why all this bad stuff has happened to us--my blindness and losing all our money...It's karma. You know, we've been selfish and greedy, and the universe is telling us to start being better people.
Gabrielle: I just found $118,000 in Ellie's teddy bear.
Carlos: Hey, universe? Bite me!
------------------------------------------------------------
[Police office]
Wayne: (on phone) Hello? 
Detective Pete Romslo: (on phone) Hey, Wayne? It's Pete Romslo.
Wayne: (on phone) Pete! How's tricks?
Detective Pete Romslo: (on phone) Listen, uh, I'm just calling to give you a heads-up. Um, I finally met your ex. She came in to file a report. Apparently, you, uh, kidnapped her husband.
Wayne: (on phone) No kidding? Am I asking for ransom?
Detective Pete Romslo: (on phone) Well, you always said she was crazy. Now I feel your pain. Anyway, I-I just thought you should know, huh? Take care. 
Wayne: (on phone) Thanks.

Wayne: Okay, enough kidding around. Tell me where my daughter is. Oh, for--Did you die on me? Damn it!
------------------------------------------------------------
[Ceremony location]
Bree: Okay, so you have another one of those in the truck? Thank you. 
Woman: I'll be back in ten minutes! We need more settings on five, please. 
Bree: Lynette, I wish I had time to be more tactful, but I don't. Your swan is pathetic, and I'm firing you from napkin duty.
Lynette: No, no, give me another chance. I will get it.
Bree: (on phone) Yes? Oh, there you are! Where is my ice sculpture? No! No,6:00 is too late. I need it now. Oh, forget it. I'll pick it up myself.
Bree: Why don't you fill water glasses? That's an important job, too.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Street]
Bree: (on phone) Andrew...Look, I'm on my way back, but it's imperative that you...Andrew? 
Bree: Oh, dear god. Oh, no. Don't die on me now! Aah! Oh, dear god. 
Bree: Aah! Help me! Help!
------------------------------------------------------------
[Gabrielle’s house]
Carlos: I'm just saying we should pay off all of our bills and put the rest in savings. 
Gabrielle: Savings? Nobody does that anymore.
Carlos: Well, I mean, you never know. We might have kids.
Gabrielle: Oh, Carlos, we're never gonna have kids. Shoes are my kids. Let me be the mother I was meant to be.
Gabrielle: (on phone) Hello?
Ellie: (on phone) Where's my bear?
Gabrielle: (on phone) Oh. Right. The bear. Well... I looked all over and just couldn't find it. I guess the cops took it. I'm really sorry, Ellie. I know it was a gift from your dad. It just breaks my heart.
Ellie: (on phone) You found the money, didn't you? 
Gabrielle: (on phone) Money? What money?
Ellie: (on phone) You're lying. I can hear it in your voice.
Gabrielle: (on phone) What's wrong with my voice?
Ellie: (on phone) Okay, listen, bitch. You do not wanna screw with me.
Gabrielle: (on phone) How about we split it 50-50?
Ellie: (on phone) I'm coming to get my money, and if one dime is missing, I will throw acid in your face.
Gabrielle: Okay, we really need to get caller I.D.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Street]
Bree: Ugh. What more can you do to me?
Orson: Need a lift?
------------------------------------------------------------
[Susan’s house – doorway]
Susan: Hey.
Katherine: Hi. Is, uh, Dylan here by any chance?
Susan: Uh, um, no, I-I haven't seen her.
Katherine: Okay. Thanks.
Susan: Hey, Katherine, are you all right?
Katherine: Uh...Dylan and I, we...had a big fight.
Susan: Well, I'm sure she's just upset, and she'll come home after she cools off.
Katherine: Not this time. I lied to her.
Susan: Well... we all lie to our kids sometimes, right?
Katherine: I've been doing it her whole life--One lie on top of another--and the thing...I learned too late is that eventually they all come crashing down on you. Anyway, if you see her, let me know? Thanks.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Katherine’s house]
Wayne: What's your hurry, Kathy?
Katherine: Aah! Aah! Aah.
Wayne: What happened to my daughter?
Katherine: I'm not telling you anything, so you might as well kill me. I don't care.
Wayne: I believe you. I do. But what about Dylan? Or should I say, that girl that lives here with you? I bet you'd care if I killed her.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Ceremony location]
Lynette: Uh...there are no wings.
Bree: Yes, and the "Venus de Milo" is missing two arms. What's your point?
Lynette: It's...stunning.

Bree: Well, I suppose I should say thank you.
Orson: Oh, it's no big deal. You're just lucky I was there.
Bree: Was I lucky, or were you following me?
Orson: I thought you might need my help.
Bree: And you were right. I did. You just think I'm being stubborn, don't you? Making you jump through hoops when it's so clear we belong together.
Orson: I don't think anything, Bree. I'm just trying to be there for you and hoping eventually you'll forgive me.
Bree: But that's just it, Orson. If I forgive you, then I'm forgiving what you did to Mike. I can't do that. And-- and you wouldn't want me to. I mean, be honest with yourself. If I took you back now, I wouldn't be the woman you love.
Orson: Then what can I do?
Bree: I've already told you. Turn yourself in to the police and let justice run its course.
Orson: I can't do that, Bree. I want to, for you, more than anything. But I don't think I could survive it.
Bree: Well...so here we are.

Lee: What is this? 
Lynette: It's your ice sculpture.
Lee: No, it's not. I see no turrets. I see no flags. I see no moat full of vodka. What I see is a giant, icy slap in the face. Bob! 
------------------------------------------------------------
[Susan’s house]
Julie: What's that?
Susan: I want to be able to reach you this summer when you're doing that internship.
Julie: You changed your mind?
Susan: Here's the thing. You and I have always had kind of an unconventional relationship, and the reason that worked was because we always tell each other the truth...until yesterday. Julie, I lied about not having enough money to send you.
Julie: Why?
Susan: Because I just freaked out about you leaving.
Julie: But you knew I was going away to college.
Susan: Yes, in the fall. And I needed those extra three months to get ready. I...I still have not figured out how I'm gonna get by without you.
Julie: Mom...
Susan: Seriously...I just lean on you in ways you don't even know.
Julie: I think you are stronger than you give yourself credit for.
Susan: Well...I spend more time with me than you do, and I'm a mess.
Julie: Well, you were when dad left. I had my hands full then. But you've grown so much these last five years.
Susan: Really?
Julie: You are a secure, confident woman now. You're ready to spread your wings and fly. Frankly, my work here is done.
Susan: Thanks. Now I want you to have that phone on you at all times...because I'm still not sure how to work the dishwasher.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Ceremony location]
Woman: Can you help me?
Bob: For god sake, Lee! It's just an ice sculpture!
Lee: It is not "just an ice sculpture"! It's the sculpture and making me move to the suburbs and forcing me to be nice to your homophobic boss. You know what? Tom's right. If I don't start standing up for myself, I'm doomed. 
Tom: I don't believe I used the word "doomed". 
Lee: You're always overruling me. You treat me like a child. Well, I've had it! Ceremony's off, Mein Fuhrer!
Bob: It's a chunk of ice, you drama queen!

Tom: Okay... All I said was--
Lynette: I don't care what you said. We have to fix this! Or do you want to tell bree that you torpedoed her ceremony?

Bree: I did not tell you to put mums in that arrangement! And don't point your finger at me or I'll snap it right off. 
Tom: I'll find Bob.
Lynette: I'll get Lee. 
------------------------------------------------------------
[Bob and Lee’s house]
Lee: You can't make me talk to him.
Lynette: Yeah, I can. Sit down. Earlier, my husband, in an attempt to help you with your relationship, mistakenly gave you some advice, which he would now like to take back. Tom?
Tom: Actually, I stand by everything I said. My mistake was in not going far enough. 
Lynette: What?
Tom: If you're willing to break up over an ice sculpture, you guys should absolutely not get married.
Lynette: Where the hell are you going with this?
Tom: Because who gets to choose the ice sculpture, who should take out the trash, who has to stay home and make the mini pizzas--That's the little stuff. What are you gonna do when the big stuff comes along? 
Lynette: Could you give us a second?
Tom: No. What are you gonna do when a tornado hits your house, or you have problems with your kids, or one of you gets cancer? At some point, the crap is going to hit the fan, and that is why now, before you make the commitment, you have to ask yourself, “Is that person in bed next to you worth the trouble? Do you love him...or her so much that no disease, no disaster could possibly pull you apart?”
Lynette: Answer him.
Bob: Sure. I do.
Lynette: Good. Good, then...get out there and get committed, you crazy kids.
------------------------------------------------------------
Driver: Oh, my god. Are you okay? You need some help?
Adam: Yes. Thanks for stopping.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Gabrielle’s house]
Gabrielle: (on phone) Yes, officer. I see you. Thank you for coming. Now remember, Ellie's dangerous. So if she shows up, feel free to use excessive force.
Gabrielle: Carlos, are you almost ready? Carlos? Did you hear me?
Carlos: I'm just getting my jacket.
Gabrielle: Oh, honey, can you carry the house keys? They don't fit in my purse.
Carlos: Ellie's upstairs.
Gabrielle: What?! 
Carlos: She's in our bedroom. I heard her breathing. Call the cops. 
Gabrielle: Wait! She's gonna steal our money!
Carlos: You can't go up there. It's too dangerous.
Gabrielle: Well ,not as dangerous as poverty! 
Carlos: Gaby.
Carlos: Gaby? What's going on?
Gabrielle: Aah! Carlos! Carlos, don't just stand there! Go get help!
Carlos: Help! Police!
Gabrielle: That's the closet!
Ellie: Ow!
Gabrielle: Police! Police! Get in here now!
------------------------------------------------------------
[Katherine’s house]
Katherine: Wayne. I don't think you've thought this through.
Wayne: Shut up.
Katherine: If I tell you what happened, if I don't tell you...you're gonna kill me anyway. Who you gonna pin it on? We have history. Right now I'm just your bitter, crazy ex. But if I turn up dead, and you have no alibi...
Wayne: You let me worry about that.
Ellie: Look, I'm having a little problem right now. I just need to hide here for a sec. And I don't wanna hurt you, so don't make me. All right? Good. I'm glad we understand each other.
Wayne: Hum, and with your gun, too. I guess I just found my alibi.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Ceremony]
Female chief witness: And now we will do the exchanging of the rings...
Mrs. McCluskey: Snappy ceremony, Bree. You and Katherine really did a bang-up job.
Bree: No, I did a bang-up job. Katherine bailed on me and left town last night.
Mrs. McCluskey: I think you got hosed. I just saw her an hour ago.
Female chief witness:...here at this joyous and festive occasion. Please join hands.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Katherine’s house]
Wayne: She was on the run, she broke in, she stabbed you, you shot her. Case closed. It's like the alibi fairy left me a present.
Katherine: But I do wonder...what if Dylan doesn't come back? We had a fight. She said she hated me, said she was leaving...for good.
Wayne: Is that the best you can do, Kathy?
Katherine: I know it sounds convenient. But what happens if it's true? Because you don't have another plan. She was the only way you could make me tell you the truth.
Bree: Katherine? It's Bree. We need to talk now!
[Outside]
Mrs. McCluskey: That girl that was living with the Solises? Actually, I thought I saw her heading down that way. Hope you find her. I'd hate to think there was some maniac running around our neighborhood.
[Inside]
Katherine: I'm so sorry about this.
Wayne: Shut it! So let me catch you up. I need to know something that only my ex-wife can tell me, but she doesn't want to. She needs a little incentive. So that's where you come in. Katherine: Wayne...please don't.
Wayne: Yeah? How is it gonna feel knowing...that you could've stopped this?
Katherine: All right! I'll tell you. 
Katherine Voiceover: After I left you...a few months passed, and I convinced myself that you'd forgotten about us. But I was wrong.
[Lillian’s house - 12 years ago]
Katherine: How was Dylan? Did she behave herself?
Mary Alice: She's an angel. I...just hope I didn't do something wrong.
Katherine: What do you mean? 
Mary Alice: Well, your ex-husband was here earlier, and, of course, I didn't know it was him until Dylan called him "Daddy." I'm sorry, I should've called you, but Dylan was just so happy to see him. He brought her a bicycle and a doll. And she won't let that doll out of her sight. Katherine, what's going on?
Katherine Voiceover: I was going to run again, but you didn't give me enough time.
Lillian: Wayne just drove up. Should we call the police?
Katherine: No. Let him in.
Katherine Voiceover: I knew it was time to face you and let you know you were not welcome in my home, and neither were your gifts.
Wayne: Do you know how much money I spent looking for you? 
Katherine: I'm sure you still had enough to buy liquor by the caseload.
Wayne: Look who's gotten sassy while she's been away. I think I like it. 
Katherine: What do you want, Wayne?
Wayne: I want my daughter back. 
Katherine: Why? You gotten lazy in your old age? You need somebody smaller to pound on?
Wayne: I never touched a hair on her head!
Katherine: Yeah, but now she's gotten older and sassier, I'm sure you'll find all sorts of reasons to hit her. 
Wayne: I don't have to ask, you know. I could just go up there if I want. 
Katherine: She is asleep! Get the hell out!
Wayne: I'm her father! 
Katherine: I said no!
Wayne: I'm bleeding.
Katherine: Profusely. You should see a doctor.
Wayne: I'll be back for my daughter.
Katherine: You just understand this...There is nothing that I will not do to keep you away from her. Nothing.
Lillian: Are you all right? I heard a crash. 
Katherine: I hit him with the candlestick, he went down pretty hard.
Lillian: Thank god. I think now would be a good time to break out the 10-year-old Scotch I've been saving.
Katherine Voiceover: I honestly thought it was finally over. I don't know how I could've been so wrong.
Lillian: Katherine! I came in to give her another blanket. Her hand is ice-cold! 
Katherine Voiceover: Aunt Lily told me I couldn't go to the police. She'd said you'd make it seem like I killed Dylan to keep you from taking her, so I let her bury my baby in the woods. I knew I'd have to run away again, but I also knew you'd never stop looking for me, so I came up with a plan. I found a girl in a Romanian orphanage who looked just like Dylan. The resemblance was uncanny. Her mother had died in childbirth, and her father had been murdered. As I looked into those big, blue eyes, I knew right then...She needed me as much as I needed her.
[Present]
Katherine: I've never told that to anyone. I even lied to Adam and said it was your fault. And that's how I've spent the last 12 years...Just telling one lie after another.
[Outside]
Man: Hold it, hold it. I'm sorry, sir. We're having a party. You can't park here.
[Inside]
Wayne: So you let her die. 
[Outside]
Man: If you don't mind, I need you to park around the corner, okay? Thank you!
[Inside]
Wayne: You let my daughter die...like a dog.
Bree: It was an accident.
Wayne: Then you buried her like one.
Katherine: Because I had to. I knew if you found out, y...
Wayne: That I would kill you.
Adam: Katherine! Where are you?!
Katherine: Adam! Get out! He's got a gun!
Adam: You just watch over him for a sec? I'm gonna call the cops.
Bree: First we have to do something to stop that bleeding. 
Adam: Okay.
Wayne: Go ahead. You call the cops. Ask for my buddy Romslo...or Captain Mcmurphy. We play softball together. Those guys'll take care of me. And even if I do a little time...You know this isn't over. I'll get out and I'll find you, and I'll make you pay. I know you will.
[Outside]
Susan: My god! Bree,are you all right? 
Lynette: What the hell is going on?!
Bree: We don't have much time before the police get here. We need to talk.
Gabrielle: Excuse me. Susan! 
Susan: Come here, come here.
Gabrielle: What's going on? 
Susan: Okay, just listen to me.
[Inside]
Uniformed cop: Ma'am, you have to talk to us. We need to know what happened. Ma'am?
[Outside]
Bree: Then he raised the gun and came toward us. Thank god Katherine grabbed his arm and got the gun away. That lunatic would've killed us all.

Susan: I knew Wayne was the reason she moved away, and the second she moved back, he started stalking her again.

Gabrielle: She was always telling us how terrified she was.

Lynette: We always knew he'd do something like this eventually, and he did.
[Inside]
Detective Pete Romslo: Look...This was obviously self-defense. Take the cuffs off, get her to the hospital.
[Outside]
Dylan: Mom? Mom! I'm so sorry, Mom.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Five years later]
[Gabrielle’s house]
Mary Alice Voiceover: There's a ritual my friends have observed for years. Once a week, they meet to play a game of cards and talk about their lives. Of course, there's another aspect to these gatherings that has nothing to do with gossip or poker. Every seven days, my friends are reminded of a basic human truth...There is nothing more important than friendships that endure, especially in a world that insists on changing.

Gabrielle: Okay, my friends are gone. I'm ready to fix you dinner. What the hell are you doing?!
Juanita: Mommy, we're playing fashion model!
Gabrielle: Look at this mess! You are lucky I got in here before you touched my dresses!
Juanita: Run, Celia, run!
Gabrielle: My Vera Wang?!
------------------------------------------------------------
[Bree’s house]
Bree: I'm home!
Andrew: Oh, thank god. The publisher sent over the galley for the cookbook. He needs you to proof them tonight. I've also got the woman from "The New York Times" on the phone. She wants to do the interview now. 
Orson: Is that you, Bree? The water's getting cold.
Bree: Leave the galleys in my office and tell the woman from "The Times" to call me back in the morning. I'm gonna have a nice bubble bath with my husband. Coming, Orson!
------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette’s house]
Lynette: Why is there a police car in our driveway?
Policeman officer: I was telling your husband we just picked up your son. He broke into a car at the mall and took it for a joyride.
Lynette: Again? I am so sorry, officer. We have talked to Porter till we're blue in the face. It's like he's determined to go back to juvenile hall.
Tom: Honey, it wasn't Porter this time. They arrested Preston.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Katherine’s house]
Dylan: (on phone) It's me, mom. I'm back from Paris. It was just as gorgeous as you said it would be, and you're not gonna believe this. Bradley finally asked me to marry him right there under the Eiffel Tower. I'm so happy. Call me back.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Susan’s house]
Susan: Honey? I'm home. Did you miss me?
Ken: You know I did.
~The End~


