Desperate Housewives
1X13 - Your Fault
------------------------------------------------------------
Mary Alice Voiceover:previously on "desperate housewives"...
Bree:Were you with a woman?
George: He cheated on you.You said you were going to hate him forever.
Bree:You shouldn't listen to a woman who's just had her heart broken.
Mary Alice Voiceover:Sometimes ending a relationship...
George: I don't care what we call it.I just want to be with you.
Bree:I don't think that would be wise.
Mary Alice Voiceover:...can be very hard.
Gabrielle: I'm the one who was sleeping with your son.But, Helen, it's over now.
Mary Alice Voiceover:But keeping secrets...
Helen Rowland:It's not even close to being over.
Mary Alice Voiceover:...is even harder.
Julie:I'm not sure I understand what you're saying.
Zach:I killed my baby sister.
[A car drives down Wisteria Lane. It pulls into Susan's driveway and we see that it's Susan. She looks over at Lynette's house, where Lynette is lecturing her boys on the front lawn.] 
Lynette: "...okay, your 30 seconds is up now. Get back here, get back here, get back here. I want the toys picked up. How many times do I have to tell you, pick up your toys! You want a spanking? Is that what you want?"
(The boys shout back at her.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover:"There is a look that parents of well behaved children, give to the parents of the not so well behaved..."
Lynette: "Porter, don't you dare look at me like that. I will wipe that smirk right off your face. And don't think that I won't..." 
Mary Alice Voiceover:"A look that says 'You should learn to control your kids.'"
(Lynette catches sight of Susan looking over at her and trails off.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover:"...after all, they're your responsibility."
(Lynette smiles and gives Susan an embarrassed shrug. Susan gets her groceries out of her car and walks to her front door.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover:"Of course, it was easy for Susan to feel smug with a daughter like Julie. She always brought home straight A's."
(Flashback to a grinning Julie showing Susan her report card.) 
Susan (squeals): "Oh, you did it again!"
Mary Alice Voiceover:"She was helpful around the house."
(Flashback to Julie pulling a Christmas tree out of the front door to the end of the driveway after Christmas.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover:"She was bright, affectionate, and considerate of others."
(Julie sits on the curb, consoling the mailman, with mail strewn everywhere. Julie turns her head to look at Susan next to a turned over pink bicycle, with a letter caught in the spokes of the front wheel.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover:"To her mother's way of thinking, Julie was the perfect child. Unfortunately, Susan was about to discover that no such creature existed."
(Susan looks in the window of the door and sees Zach and Julie kissing. She opens the door.) 
Julie: "Mom!" 
Susan: "What is going on here? Were you just kissing my daughter?" 
Zach: "I...uh...a little." 
Susan: "What are you thinking?" 
Julie: "Mom, calm down." 
Susan: "She's only fourteen!" 
Zach: "Yeah, I should, I should probably be going." 
Susan: "You think?"
(Susan hands Zach his glasses.) 
Zach: "See you Friday."
(He leaves and Susan turns to Julie.) 
Susan: "What is he talking about? What's happening on Friday?" 
Julie: "He's taking me to the school dance." 
Susan: "Oh, no he's not." 
Julie: "Mom, I know you saw us kissing, but you've got to chill now." 
Susan: "Don't tell me to chill, I have no intentions of chilling." 
Julie: "Whatever. I'm taking out the trash." 
Susan: "You're not going, you're going to stay here and talk about this." 
Julie: "I'm not going to talk to you while you're freaking out." 
Susan: "Just so we're clear, you are not allowed to see him anymore."
(Susan follows Julie outside, still arguing with her, as Julie walks to the trash can.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover:"There is also a look that parents of not so well behaved children give to parents like Susan."
Julie: "Fine!"
(She drops the trash on the ground next to the trash car and storms inside. Susan looks up and sees Lynette standing on her own lawn, watching.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover:"It says 'welcome to the club'"
(Lynette tilts her head and gives a smile.) 
Credits
[Outside Paul's House]
Mary Alice Voiceover:"Suburbia is a place filled with responsible people trying to live responsible lives."
(Paul is shown bringing in the trash, and then painting his fence.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover:"Of course, even the most responsible among us, has mistakes in their past."
(Focus in on Gabrielle's house and Carlos inside, reading a magazine on the couch.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover:"Mistakes they'd like to forget. Mistakes that sometimes come back to haunt them."
(Gabrielle walks by the couch holding an open peanut butter jar with a spoon in it, then hears a car door slam. She looks out the window and sees the parents of John walking towards her house.) 
Gabrielle: "I'm gonna go get the mail."
(Gabrielle quickly walks out of the house carrying the peanut butter.) 
Gabrielle: "Helen, uh, what are you doing here?" 
Helen: "Hello, Gabrielle. I don't believe you've met my husband, Bob." 
Gabrielle: "Hi! So nice to meet you."
(She reaches out to shake his hand, and then holds it and starts dragging him along away from the windows in her house.) 
Bob Rowland: "Um, we, uh, came to talk to you about our son." 
Gabrielle: "I haven't seen John in weeks. He's called and left messages, but I haven't returned any. It's over, I swear." 
Helen Rowland: "We're not here about that. We need you to do something for us." 
Gabrielle: "Oh, okay." 
Bob Rowland: "John surprised us last night when he announced he was turning down his college scholarship." 
Helen Rowland: "Instead, he's decided to expand his gardening business. Mow lawns full time." 
Gabrielle: "Well, why, uh, why would he do that?" 
Helen Rowland: "We don't know why. Do you think we'd be talking to you if we did?" 
Bob Rowland: "You'll have to forgive my wife. She's still upset over the whole, um..." 
Helen Rowland: "Statutory rape thing." 
Bob Rowland: "Helen!" 
Gabrielle: "What do you want me to do?" 
Bob Rowland: "He's refusing to talk to us. If you could just convince him that he's making a big mistake..." 
Gabrielle: "John and I made a clean break. I think it's best if we just keep our distance." 
Bob Rowland: "Please. Last week he turned eighteen and moved out of the house. We're stuck." 
Gabrielle: "I'm sorry. I, I'm so sorry, I just can't handle this right now. I have my own personal things going on. My life is falling apart." 
Helen Rowland: "I don't care." 
Bob Rowland: "Helen." 
Helen Rowland: "We haven't gone to the police about what you did. That can easily change." 
Gabrielle: "I'll see what I can do." 
Helen Rowland: "Good."
(They start to leave. )
Bob Rowland: "So nice to meet you!"
(Gabrielle gives an automatic smile. Helen clears her throat and glares at Bob, who follows her.) 
[Lynette's House]
(Lynette stands on a ladder that's propped against the side of the house up to the roof. The two twins stand on the sidewalk, looking up, watching her.) 
Lynette: "You can do this, all right? Just, just scootch down a few inches, and I'll grab you." 
Parker (sitting on the roof): "No, you'll drop me!" 
Lynette: "I'm not gonna drop you. I might strangle you for climbing up here in the first place. But drop you, no. Come on!"
(The car that has just pulled up to the sidewalk honks its horn. A man climbs out of the car and walks toward Preston and Porter, who rush at him. He gives them big hugs as Tom gets out of the car.) 
Lynette: "Okay. Just wait."
(She begins climbing down the ladder.) 
Tom: "Look who I found wandering around the airport!" 
Lynette: "Hey, Rodney!" 
Tom: "Is Parker back up on the roof?" 
Lynette: "Yep." 
Tom: "See if he can find that frisbee while he's up there." 
Lynette: "Yeah, I'm gonna get right on that." 
Rodney: "Oh! How's my favorite girl?"
(They hug.) 
Lynette: "I'm so happy to see you. It's such a shame that Alison couldn't make it." 
Rodney: "Oh, just another business trip for the wandering salesman. She'd be bored to tears."
(He looks up at the roof where Parker is sitting.) 
Rodney: "Hey, Parker! Come on, aren't you going to give me a hug?"
(Parker shakes his head no.) 
Rodney: "It's grandpa!"
(He holds open his arms.) 
Lynette: "Don't take it personally. He's scared to climb down." 
Rodney: "Oh, can I give it a shot?" 
Lynette: "Uh, yeah, sure, knock yourself out! Be careful."
(Rodney climbs up the ladder.) 
Rodney: "Parker. I've got a question for you. It's only one, but it's kinda an important question. A character defining question, actually. Wanna hear it?" 
Parker: "Mm-hmm." 
Rodney: "Only a little girl would be afraid to come down the ladder. Now, you're not a little girl, are you?"
(Lynette's expression changes like she can't believe what she's hearing.) 
Rodney: "I'm not looking at a little girly girl, am I?"
(Rodney cocks his head and looks quizzically at Parker. Lynette cocks her head and her expression changes to disbelief.) 
(A few minutes later, Rodney climbs down the ladder with Parker on his back. )
Lynette: "Are you okay?"
(Rodney, breathing hard with Parker on his back, jogs into the house as Tom comes out.) 
Tom (to Rodney): "Wow, you got him down!" (to Lynette) "How'd he do that?" 
Lynette: "Sexism."
[Bree's House]
(Bree and Rex sit opposite each other at the dining room table. There are six lawyers at the table with them, three on each side.) 
Bree's Lawyer: "Let's start off by addressing the division of assets." 
Rex's Lawyer: "Well, we're not prepared to discuss either the primary residence or the retirement plans at this time." 
Bree's Lawyer: "Are you prepared to discuss the cars, the antiques?" 
Rex's Lawyer: "I'd like to start by discussing the country club membership. Access to the facilities is integral to Dr. Van de Kamp's medical practice here..." 
Rex: "What are we doing here?" 
Rex's Lawyer: "I'm sorry, Rex?" 
Rex: "I'm talking to my wife. Surrounded by lawyers, dividing up our stuff? I don't want this. I thought I did, but I don't. Maybe we should talk this over before it's too late. What do you say, Bree? Should we send the vultures home?"
(There's a long pause as Bree looks at Rex. Then she turns to her lawyer.) 
Bree: "I want to keep the club membership. Rex is terrible at tennis. And he hates buffets." 
Bree's Lawyer: "Okay. If you'll turn to page two of our proposed settlement, you'll find our prioritized list." Rex's Lawyer: "Right."
[Paul's House]
(Paul sits down in a chair, smiling.) 
Paul: "They were kissing, huh?" 
Susan: "Right at my kitchen table." 
Paul: "You must have shocked the hell out of them."
(He laughs.) 
Susan: "Well, I'm glad you can laugh about this." 
Paul: "They're just being kids." 
Susan: "This is easy for you. You're the father of the boy. I'm the mother of the girl. You know, if things get out of hand..."
[In the next room, Zach comes quietly up to the closed door and listens.] 
Paul: "Now, what is it that you want from me?" 
Susan: "Well, I want to know that I am not the only one who is worried about this, and I want to know that if the two of them are over here, that they are going to be supervised, and I really want you to stop looking at me like I'm crazy." 
Paul: "The only reason I'm smiling is because it's practically irrelevant. I've sold the house." 
Susan: "Really!"
(Very quietly, Zach opens the door and peeks his head in.) 
Paul: "Mm-hmm. We'll be moving at the end of the month." 
Zach: "You sold the house?" 
Paul: "Zach..." 
Zach: "Why didn't you tell me about this?" 
Paul: "I wanted to wait until it was official." 
Zach: "But you told me when I got back from Silvercrest that you'd reconsidered. You lied to me." 
Paul: "I think you need to take your medicine." 
Zach: "What, you think pumping me full of drugs is gonna keep me quiet?" 
Paul: "Upstairs, now!" 
Zach: "You don't care about me, and you didn't care about mom! You know what? I wish she had shot you instead!"
(He leave the room.) 
Susan: "So you're moving! We're all going to miss you."
[Outside Lynette's House]
(Lynette drives her car into her driveway, talking to her kids.) 
Lynette: "In the future, checklist means 'is it in the car' not like, 'do you remember', okay?"
Mary Alice Voiceover:"The next morning, before Parker Scavo's Little League game had even begun..."
(Lynette stops the car and Parker runs out of the car. Lynette quickly follows.) 
Parker: "Okay!" 
Lynette (to herself): "I'm not the one who forgot my mitt."
Mary Alice Voiceover:"...a major player was about to be tagged out."
(They enter the house. Parker runs upstairs while Lynette walks through the living room. She stops suddenly when Rodney and a woman both peek their heads over the couch from where they were lying.) 
Lynette: "Hi." 
Rodney: "Hi. I thought you guys were at practice." 
Lynette: "Oh, Parker, um, forgot his catcher's mitt." 
Rodney: "Uh, Lynette, this is Lois McDaniel. She's one of my major suppliers in the area. She's a paper products manufacturer." 
Lynette: "Oh."
(Lynette goes around the couch to shake hands and trips over Lois's high heels, lying off to the side.) 
Lynette: "Uh, it's nice to meet you." 
Lois: "It's nice to meet you, too. You have a lovely home." 
Lynette: "Thank you." 
Rodney: "Just working out, uh, some of these new contracts."
(Lois turns towards Rodney as he talks and quickly buttons up parts of her blouse that were open. Regardless of having her back turned to Lynette, Lynette can tell what she's doing.) 
Rodney: "Hammering out some of the little things, the minor details, overhead, shipping costs."
(Parker comes running into the room, holding a pair of stockings.) 
Parker: "Mommy, look what I found!" 
Lois: "I'm sorry. These are mine. Thank you. They must have fallen out of my purse."
(Lynette stares accusingly at Rodney while Lois puts them back in her purse.) 
Lynette: "Well, um, we don't want to be late for the game. Nice to meet you!"
(She herds Parker out, but not before glaring back at Rodney.) 
[Bree's House]
(Bree is cleaning up the kitchen, Rex walks in.) 
Rex: "Hey!" 
Bree: "I'm not speaking to you." 
Rex: "Didn't like the settlement talks, huh?" 
Bree: "You only demanded the good china because you know I love it." 
Rex: "You take our timeshare in Aspen, and I'm vindictive? Come on! You'll hardly ever use that place!" 
Bree: "Hardly? How about never!" 
Rex: "I mean, fine. When I move out, I'm going to use your good china for take-out food. Yeah. Pizza, spare ribs..." 
Bree: "You know what? At our next settlement talks, I plan on asking for your golf clubs!" 
Rex: "Isn't divorce fun?"
(Bree looks at her watch.) 
Bree: "It's time for your heart medication." 
Rex: "You know I meant what I said at that meeting. I will fire my lawyer tomorrow, just give me the word." 
Bree: "Sweetie, I think it's too late." 
Rex: "Why?" 
Bree: "Because you were unfaithful." 
Rex: "But, if you could find a way to forgive me, if we could find a way to be happy, wouldn't you want that?" 
Bree (exhales): "You know what I really truly want? Revenge. I mean, if somehow we could level the playing field, then, um, maybe I could find a way to come back." 
Rex (laughs): "So what does that mean? You want to have an affair?"
(They look at each other. Bree doesn't answer.) 
Rex: "Okay, uh, who are we talking about here? The dopey pharmacist?" 
Bree: "Would that hurt you Rex? If I slept with another man?" 
Rex: "It would devastate me."
(They look at each other again. And then Bree hands him a glass of water.) 
Bree: "Here you go." 
Rex: "Bree. You, you can't possibly..." 
Bree: "Rex. Time to take your medicine."
(Rex quickly throws the pills in his mouth and then drinks from the glass of water, frowning, as he watches Bree walk out of the kitchen.) 
[Susan's House, Nighttime]
(Susan puts a tea kettle filled with water on the stove when the phone rings. She starts walking toward it when Julie shouts from upstairs.) 
Julie: "I got it!"
(Susan hesitates, then picks up the phone.) 
Julie: "...she doesn't hate you. My mom just worries." 
Zach: "She thinks I'm crazy." 
Julie's voice: "No, she doesn't. Well, maybe a little." 
Zach: "You didn't tell her what I told you, did you, about what happened to Dana?" 
Julie: "Zach, I can keep a secret. I promise I will never tell her."
(The tea kettle starts whistling.) 
Zach: "What's that noise?"
(Susan quickly hangs up the phone.) 
[Diner]
(Bree sitting alone in the diner. A waitress pours her coffee and walks away. George enters the diner, sees her, and pauses. He fingers a knife on the empty table he's passing by, then puts a smile on his face and walks up to her.) 
Bree: "Hi! Wha-What are you doing here?" 
George: "I was walking outside, and I saw you in the window. I was surprised. I never thought of you as a diner person." 
Bree: "I'm not. The coffee is just dreadful. Well, it's late, and I needed to get out of the house, and it was the only place still open." 
George: "I didn't mean to interrupt."
(He starts to walk away.) 
Bree: "George, would you like to join me for a dreadful cup of coffee?"
(Later, Bree and George are both sitting in the booth, talking.) 
Bree: "It was my first week in college, and I went to a meeting of the young Republicans where Rex gave a speech, and I went up to him afterward and introduced myself, and I told him that I agreed with his stance on the death penalty. He took me out to a diner, and we, uh, stayed up till two in the morning talking about big government, gun control and illegal immigration. Ah. It was just--it was just such a magical night, and I knew, by the time he got me back to my dorm, that one day I was going to be Mrs. Rex Van de Kamp." 
George: "Wow." 
Bree: "And even now, you know, after the betrayal, I, I know that we're supposed to be together. But I don't know how I can be with someone I don't trust." 
George: "So, what are you gonna do?" 
Bree: "That I don't know. What do you think I should do?" 
George: "You're asking me?" 
Bree: "Oh, I should not have done that. I am..." 
George: "No, no. It's okay." 
Bree: "No, George, it's not okay. It was insensitive. I know how you feel about me, and I..." 
George: "Bree, I want to help." 
Bree: "Thank you." 
George: "So, does he love you?" 
Bree: "Yes." 
George: "Is he a good person?" 
Bree: "Aside from the adultery, yes." 
George: "Then it's easy. If I could get a good person to love me, I would find a way to forgive them." 
Bree: "You are such a special man, George Williams. And you deserve such a special woman." 
George: "I think so."
(Under the table, his hand clenches into a fist, squeezing hard on his pants.) 
(Later, Bree arrives home and hangs up her coat. She looks over at the couch, where Rex is sleeping. She quietly goes up the stairs. On the couch, Rex lies on his side, his eyes open. Once Bree has left, he rolls over and looks at the clock. Almost 2 AM.) 
[Lynette's House]
(Rodney takes a bagel out of the toaster oven and tries to put butter on it quickly. As he's leaving the kitchen, he runs into Lynette and heaves a sigh.) 
Lynette: "Where are you going?" 
Rodney: "Oh, I thought I'd just eat this in my room." 
Lynette: "You know, the house isn't that big, Rodney. You're going to have to stop avoiding me." 
Rodney: "Okay, okay. Lois isn't a supplier." 
Lynette (sarcastic emphasis): "Really..." 
Rodney: "And I want to apologize. I, I thought you and the kids were going to be gone all afternoon. Is there anything I can do to make it up to you?" 
Lynette: "Well, for starters, you can wipe that disgusting smirk off your face." 
Rodney: "Lynette!" 
Lynette: "How could you do something like this to Alison?" 
Rodney: "I don't know. I don't know, it happens a little bit at a time. Years go by, the kids burn you out, I'm on the road so much, we just drifted apart. It's complicated." 
Lynette: "It's not complicated. It's completely irresponsible." 
Rodney: "For years, I have stayed married to a woman that I don't love because I made a vow to God. So don't talk to me about responsibilities!" 
Lynette: "But your take on this is you're the victim?" 
Rodney: "Oh, I can see that, uh, we're just going to have to agree to disagree."
(He picks up the bagel to leave.) 
Lynette: "We're not done here." 
Rodney: "Oh yeah, we are! Cause my sex life is my own business. Not yours. And there's nothing you can do about it anyway."
[Later...Rodney sits on the sidewalk next to a briefcase, a suitcase, and a luggage bag.] 
(Tom drives by, pulls into the driveway, gets out, and walks over to him.) 
Tom: "Dad, what are you doing?" 
Rodney: "I don't want to talk about it." 
Tom: "Talk about what? Does Lynette know you're out here?" 
Rodney: "Oh yeah, she knows. Could you drive me to the airport?" 
Tom: "Wait here."
(He goes inside.) 
(We see two empty glasses on the counter as Tom walks in the house. Lynette fills them with scotch as Tom calls out to her.) 
Tom: "Lynette?" 
Lynette: "Yeah..." 
Tom: "Why is my dad sitting out on the curb?" 
Lynette: "Because I kicked him out of the house." 
Tom: "I see. You want to tell me why?" 
Lynette: "Hold on. I made you a drink." 
Tom: "Oh God, what did he do?" 
Lynette: "Yesterday, I came home, and I walked in on your dad with a woman. He's having an affair. I am so, so sorry. I know. Are you okay?"
(She puts her hands on the sides of his face to console him. Tom pulls away and turns around.) 
Tom: "Yeah, um, I should go talk to him." 
Lynette: "That's it?" 
Tom: "What?" 
Lynette: "I just, I expected a bigger reaction. I've been sitting here with knots in my stomach." 
Tom: "Okay, look, I never mentioned this before, because I knew how you'd react, but, um, I'm not that surprised by this. My father's been having affairs for years." 
Lynette: "You knew about this?" 
Tom: "Yeah."
(Lynette gasps.) 
Tom: "Kind of. I mean, it was mostly in the past. I mean, I didn't know that he was still at it. I mean, I figured he was getting too old. In some strange way, I'm actually impressed, you know?" 
Lynette: "Impressed? Impressed? I-Tom, please, please don't tell me you're all right with this!" 
Tom: "I'm not! No! No! He should never have brought that woman over here!" 
Lynette: "No, he should never have been with her in the first place!" 
Tom: "I know, I know! But you know, that's who he is, and I mean, it's been going on for years. My mom's made peace with it." 
Lynette: "I seriously doubt that." 
Tom: "Look, you know, there's no point in talking about this. But, I'm going to go get my father, I'm going to bring him back in here, I'm going to put him in his room, and we can all just cool off." 
Lynette: "That man is not coming back in this house." 
Tom: "Yes, he is!" 
Lynette: "No, he's not." 
Tom: "Lynette. He is my father. This is my house. You can't tell me what to do."
(Lynette cocks her head and looks at him.) 
[Later...]
(Tom and Rodney sit on the curb together.) 
Rodney: "I say we go up there and kick the door down." 
Tom: "Yeah, Dad, you do that. Let me know how that works out for you."
[John's Apartment]
(Gabrielle walks up to door 23 and knocks. A teenage boy opens it.) 
Gabrielle: "Hi, um, I don't know if I have the right address. Does John Rowland live here?"
(A few minutes later, John herds Gabrielle into his room and closes the door behind them.) 
John: "I'm really glad you came by. I was gonna call you again tomorrow." 
Gabrielle: "Uh, yeah, I'm, I'm sorry I haven't returned any of your calls." 
John: "It's okay. I'm just happy to see you. I heard about Mr. Solis. It sucks you had to take a job." 
Gabrielle: "Yeah, well, you know me, I'll survive." 
John: "Come here."
(He pulls her into an embrace. She hugs him, her hand on his back. When she pulls away, he goes to kiss her, and she pulls back further.) 
Gabrielle: "Oh, no. John. I, uh, I didn't come here for that." 
John: "What's wrong?" 
Gabrielle: "Well, I heard that you're going full time with your gardening business. What happened to college?" 
John: "I decided not to go." 
Gabrielle: "Why?" 
John: "Well, an opportunity has presented itself, and for me to take advantage of it, I need to start making money." 
Gabrielle: "John, what opportunity is more important than college?" 
John: "For the longest time, the only thing I had to offer you was my heart. Mr. Solis gave you security, and I couldn't compete. But now, he can't even offer you that. And I can. My business is taking off. I can take care of you. We can finally be together."
(John gets up and gets something, and then turns around and gets on his knee. He opens up a small black velvet box with a ring.) 
John: "Mrs. Solis, will you marry me?"
[Susan's House]
(Julie opens up a jewelry box and takes out a pair of earrings. She turns to Susan, who's standing in the doorway.) 
Julie: "Please. Why else would you want to chaperone the dance?" 
Susan: "Mrs. Van de Kamp needed volunteers. She begged me." 
Julie: "You're so transparent." 
Susan: "Anyway, you won't even know I'm there."
(Julie looks at her.) 
Susan: "Well, not too much. Julie, you know you can tell me anything, right?" 
Julie: "Yeah, mom." 
Susan: "So if you had a problem, or some sort of secret was weighing on you..." 
Julie: "Of course! I tell you everything."
(She turns away.) 
[Paul's House]
(Zach puts on a tie while looking into a mirror. Paul is behind him.) 
Zach: "You know, I can't believe you're just uprooting us like this." 
Paul: "We need a fresh start. Here."
(Paul helps Zach with his tie.) 
Paul: "You want to get it about like this." 
Zach: "So many bad things have happened around here. Finally I have someone I can talk to. It's like you want to take that away." 
Paul: "You mean Julie?" 
Zach: "Yeah." 
Paul: "What bad things do you talk to her about? Do you talk to her about your mother? 
Zach: "Yeah, and other stuff." 
Paul: "Like what?"
(No answer.) 
Paul: "Zach, like what?" 
Zach: "Dad, this is what I've been trying to talk to you about. Okay, ever since mom died, I've, I've started to remember things. Just quick flashes, from when I was little." 
Paul: "Nice and taut like this. What kind of things?" 
Zach: "Lots of blood. Mom screaming. And Dana."
(Paul's hands still while fixing Zach's tie.) 
Zach: "I remember killing Dana." 
Paul: "You told this to Julie?" 
Zach: "I trust her." 
Paul: "Did she tell her mother?" 
Zach: "I don't know." 
Paul: "Start from the beginning. I want you to tell me everything that you told Julie."
[High School Gym]
(Students are dancing to the music. Zach walks through the crowd with a corsage in his hand. He finds Julie and walks up to her.) 
Julie: "Hey! What's that?" 
Zach: "Oh, well, I was going to give it to you, but I saw that the other girls weren't wearing flowers. I guess it's not that kind of dance. If you don't want to stand out, I'd understand." 
Julie: "I like standing out."
(She holds out her wrist and Paul puts the flowers on her. They smile at each other.) 
At the punch table, Bree sways to the music as she pours punch. Susan stands next to her, watching Paul.) 
Susan: "What's Paul doing here?" 
Bree: "Oh, he's chaperoning. He called a couple of hours ago and volunteered." 
Susan: "Really?" 
Bree: "Why, what's wrong?" 
Susan: "Well, the other day he could have cared less about Julie and Zach dating, and now, all of a sudden, he shows up at the dance?" 
Bree: "Maybe he's just trying to be supportive." 
Susan: "Maybe."
[Pharmacy]
(Rex walks up to the counter. George gives him a big smile.) 
George: "Dr. Van de Kamp." 
Rex: "Hello, George. My cardiologist phoned in a prescription." 
George: "Oh, right, right. I've got it here somewhere."
(He turns around and begins searching through the prescriptions behind him.) 
Rex: "So, have you seen Bree lately?" 
George: "Yeah, I ran into her last night at the diner on Maple Avenue. We had a nice talk." 
Rex: "That's all you did? Just talk?" 
George: "We're just friends, Dr. Van de Kamp. Nothing more." 
Rex: "That's good to hear. You know, if you ever do get a vibe from Bree that's she's interested in more than just friendship, I'd be careful if I were you." 
George: "Excuse me?" 
Rex: "I just want you to know that she's only be using you to even the score with me. Don't fall for it." 
George: "Bree would never do anything like that. She's a lady." 
Rex: "Exactly. A very beautiful, classy lady. Remember, they tend to end up with doctors, not pharmacists." 
George: "Bree is very beautiful, and very classy, but she's not very perceptive. For instance, she thinks you're a good person, and it is now very clear to me you aren't." 
Rex: "I'd like my prescription now, George."
(George rifles through the bags in front of him, stopping when he sees the right one.) 
George: "I can't seem to find it. I guess I'll have to have it delivered." 
Rex: "Thank you." 
George: "No, thank you."
(Rex leaves and George rips open the bag, opens the bottle, and throws the pills in the trash.) 
[High School Gym]
(The song "Dust in the Wind" is playing. Paul walks around the gym. Susan pours punch for a student when Paul walks up to her.) 
Susan: "Paul." 
Paul: "Did you notice? They're playing a classic." 
Susan: "Yeah." 
Paul: "Care to dance?" 
Susan: "I'd love to."
(They begin dancing.) 
Susan: "I have a little confession to make." 
Paul: "Oh?" 
Susan: "I've been so concerned about Julie lately that I sort of eavesdropped on her the other day when she was having a phone conversation with Zach." 
Paul: "Really?" 
Susan: "They were having a very interesting conversation." 
Paul: "About?" 
Susan: "Zach was telling Julie about what happened to Dana." 
Paul: "Was he now?" 
Susan: "Yes." 
Paul: "How much did you hear?" 
Susan: "Everything." 
Paul: "You realize it was an accident." 
Susan: "Oh, of course. I assumed as much." 
Paul: "He didn't mean to kill Dana. He was practically a baby himself. He didn't understand what he was doing." 
Susan: "No, of course he didn't. So, what happened exactly?" 
Paul: "Mary Alice and I never really knew. We heard the baby screaming. By the time we got up to the crib, it was too late." 
Susan: "Paul, I am so sorry." 
Paul: "Thank you."
(He adjusts his hand and puts it on her lower back, pulling her close.) 
Susan: "So you and Mary Alice just kept this to yourselves all these years?" 
Paul: "It was a very dark chapter in our lives. We preferred not to relive it. It was also a private family matter. I'd appreciate your discretion." 
Susan: "Sure."
(They continue dancing.) 
(Later, Paul and Zach walk to their car.) 
Paul: "Did you have a good time?" 
Zach: "Yeah, I did. It was great. Look, I want you to know that I'm really sorry I talked to Julie. But she did promise me that she wasn't going to say anything to her mom." 
Paul: "It's okay. I handled Susan." 
Zach: "Good." 
Paul: "But we need to talk about these things that you think you remember. They're not true." 
Zach: "How can they not be true?" 
Paul: "Memories lie, Zach. You didn't kill anyone. Dana is very much alive."
[Outside Gabrielle's House]
(Gabrielle pulls into her driveway. As soon as she opens her door, Helen and Bob Rowland emerge from their own parked car across the street and head briskly over to Gabrielle. Gabrielle shoots a quick look at her house to make sure Carlos isn't coming out.) 
Gabrielle: "Hi, what are you doing here?" 
Helen Rowland: "Where is it?" 
Gabrielle: "What?" 
Helen: "The ring, Gabrielle. My grandmother's ring!" 
Gabrielle: "John caught me off guard. Obviously I'm going to give back the ring." 
Helen: "Well, you better, because make no mistake, if you try to ruin my son's life, I will ruin yours!" 
Bob Rowland: "Helen, okay, go to the car! Come on, please, just, please..." 
Gabrielle: "Obviously, I'm not leaving my husband and marrying John." 
Bob Rowland: "Well, I think that's wise." 
Gabrielle: "I'll talk to John tomorrow and give back the ring." 
Bob Rowland: "Okay, good, good. We appreciate everything you've done."
(He turns to go.) 
Gabrielle: "Hey, Bob! I get why she's so angry with me, but, what I don't get is, why you're so nice." 
Bob Rowland: "Well, John's a big boy. Whatever happened between the two of you is his mistake as much as yours." 
Gabrielle: "I guess. I understand if, uh, you hate me just a little."
(Bob looks over at Helen, sitting in the car and watching them closely.) 
Bob Rowland: "When I was a kid, I always played by the rules. I never cheated on a test, never even missed a curfew. But I can't help but think how wonderful it would have been to have made at least one mistake like you." 
Gabrielle: "That's sweet, you're, you're very sweet." 
Bob Rowland: "Hmmm...I'm a little sweet. Mostly I'm just middle-aged."
(He turns and leaves.) 
[Outside Paul's House]
(Paul pulls into his driveway and he and Zach get out of the car.) 
Paul: "Are you okay? I know this is a lot to digest all at once." 
Zach: "I'm fine. I'm just happy you finally told me the truth. One thing though. Why are you telling me all this now?" 
Paul: "I couldn't let you keep thinking that you killed someone. No one should carry that kind of burden." 
Zach: "Or you just didn't want me running my mouth." 
Paul: "That's not what it's about." 
Zach: "Yes, it is. I won't tell anyone. I'll keep your secret. Dad." 
Paul: "Thank you." 
Zach: "But we're not moving." 
Paul: "That's out of the question." 
Zach: "Well, I'm not leaving Julie, and if you want my support, that's the deal." 
Paul: "And if I refuse?" 
Zach: "You won't."
(He smiles and goes inside the house.) 
[Lynette's House]
(Tom gets into bed and gets comfortable with a magazine. Lynette, sitting up against the headboard, watches him.) 
Lynette: "So here's the thing, I feel really awful about how I acted before." 
Tom: "For God's sake, Lynette, you threw me out of my own house." 
Lynette: "I overreacted, I know. I'm sorry." 
Tom: "Look, I know you love my mom, but how she decides to live her life, is, it's entirely up to her." 
Lynette: "You're right. You're right. I guess I just got so upset because - oh, whatever, let's not beat a dead horse, it's over, I'm sorry, good night."
(She kisses him and rolls over and turns off the light, exhaling as she lies down.) 
Tom: "Okay, get it off your chest." 
Lynette: "Well, you knew your father was having an affair, and it didn't seem to bother you that much. And that worries me, because if you can find it in you to condone something like that, then what's gonna happen when you've been on the road for forty years?" 
Tom: "Lynette, I'm not my father!" 
Lynette: "I know, of course. You're not your father."
(She kisses him again. He opens his magazine.) 
Lynette: "And just so we're absolutely clear, I am definitely not your mother, because if you ever betray me, I will leave you. I will take the kids, and I will walk out that door, and you will never see any of us again."
(She exhales loudly.) 
Lynette: "Glad to get that off my chest. Thank you."
(She kisses him again.) 
Lynette: "I love you!"
(She rolls over, missing the worried look on Tom's face.) 
(Later that night, Rodney comes down the stairs and sees Tom sitting at the kitchen table.) 
Grandpa Scavo: "Couldn't sleep, huh?" 
Tom: "No." 
Grandpa Scavo: "Me either. I'm so sorry about the ruckus I caused." 
Tom: "That's okay, I'm not, uh, upset about that." 
Grandpa Scavo: "No?" 
Tom: "No." 
Grandpa Scavo: "What's wrong?" 
Tom: "There's something that Lynette doesn't know about, dad. Something that I did, and I don't know what's going to happen if she ever finds out."
[John's Apartment]
Mary Alice Voiceover:"The next morning, Gabrielle returned the engagement ring to her former lover, a gesture that was met with..."
(A glass shatters in the fireplace.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover:"... measured enthusiasm."
Gabrielle: "Please, calm down!" 
John: "It just doesn't make any sense. Okay, you love me, I know you love me!" 
Gabrielle: "Love is not enough. Where would we live, here with your roommates? The only decoration in the bathroom is a bong!" 
John: "We could get our own place!" 
Gabrielle: "How? You're barely making minimum wage!" 
John: "Okay, sure. We'd be poor at first, but we'd be happy." 
Gabrielle: "I've tried poor but happy. Guess what. It wasn't that happy." 
John: "Mr. Solis is going to jail. You want to stick around for that?" 
Gabrielle: "I don't know. You know, every once in a while, even I want to do the right thing." 
John: "Mrs. Solis, I love you so much! Doesn't that mean anything to you?" 
Gabrielle: "Honestly, no. John, you're a toy. A sweet, dumb toy, so you might as well go to college, because you and me, no future!"
(John, with reddened eyes, storms past Gabrielle and slams the door. Gabrielle begins crying.) 
[Susan's House, Nighttime]
Zach: "Ms. Mayer! Hey, is Julie home?" 
Susan: "She's in the shower." 
Zach: "Oh. Well, I just came by to give her some good news."
(He pushes past Susan into the house.) 
Susan: "What's that?" 
Zach: "Well, it turns out that my dad and I aren't moving after all." 
Susan: "What?" 
Zach: "Yeah, he reconsidered, so I guess we're going to keep living across the street." 
Susan: "Okay. Wow, uh, wow. You know, uh, can you sit down? I need, uh to talk to you."
(She sits down at the kitchen table. Zach walks over to a small table and picks up the corsage he gave Julie at the dance. He smells the flowers.) 
Zach: "Hey. You know that Julie is the first girl I ever gave a flower to?" 
Susan: "Really." 
Zach: "Yeah. Yeah, I really like her, Ms. Mayer." 
Susan: "Zach, um, Julie is only fourteen years old, and sometimes girls, when they're that age they just don't always make the right decisions. And, um, as her mother, it is my responsibiliity to protect her." 
Zach: "You want to protect her from me?" 
Susan: "No, I, I just, I think that you should slow things down. I, I, I want you to not see her for awhile." 
Zach: "No." 
Susan: "No?" 
Zach: "You're not taking her away from me." 
Susan (chuckles): "Listen, I know being dramatic is the birthright of every teenager, but come on..." 
Zach: "WHY ARE YOU LAUGHING!!??"
(He turns over a table.) 
Zach: "DO YOU THINK THIS IS FUNNY?" 
Susan (harshly): "Thank you, Zach. You have just made this really easy for me. You are now forbidden from seeing or talking my daughter ever again! And if you come within ten feet of her, I will call the police, and I will have you arrested! Now get out!" 
(Zach walks to the door. He stares down at the flower he was still holding, drops it on the ground, and then leaves. Susan picks up the flower and looks at it. She closes the door.) 
[John's Apartment]
Mary Alice Voiceover:"Sooner or later, the time comes when we all must become responsible adults..."
(John looks at the ring and his father takes it from him, then pats him on the shoulder.) 
[Gabrielle's House]
Mary Alice Voiceover:"...and learn to give up what we want, so we can choose to do what is right."
(Gabrielle climbs into bed with Carlos, who gives her a kiss, and then pulls up the covers.) 
[Bree's House]
Mary Alice Voiceover:"Of course, a lifetime of responsibility isn't always easy."
(Bree gives Rex a glass of water and his medication from the pharmacy.) 
[Lynette's House]
Mary Alice Voiceover:"And as the years go on, it's a burden that can become too heavy for some to bear."
(Lynette hugs Rodney as Tom leads him out of the house.) 
[Susan's House]
Mary Alice Voiceover:"But still we try to do what is best, what is good."
(Susan, carrying a laundry basket, knocks on Julie's door.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover:"Not only for ourselves, but for those we love."
(She doesn't go in the room, but we see the open window and the curtain blowing.) 
[High School Gym]
(In the darkened gym, Zach paces. The door opens and Julie enters.) 
Julie: "Hey!" 
Zach: "I'm glad you came." 
Julie: "Zach, I can't stay long. If my mom catches me, she'll freak." 
Zach: "Come here."
(He holds out his hand. Julie walks forward and takes it.) 
Julie: "She said I can't see you any more. What are we gonna do?" 
Zach: "I'm not sure."
(They embrace.) 
Mary Alice Voiceover:"Yes, sooner or later we must all become responsible adults. No one knows this better than the young."
~ The End ~



