Desperate Housewives
5X23 Everybody says don’t (1)
------------------------------------------------------------
Mary Alice Voiceover: Previously on Desperate Housewives…
Susan: We're getting married.
Mary Alice Voiceover: One proposal led to another.
Immigration agent: We're with immigration.
Mary Alice Voiceover: But the law get in the way.
Susan: Can't this wait? We're about to get marry.
Immigration agent: Not today, you're not. 
Mary Alice Voiceover: A break-in was staged...
Bree: Orson, we've been robbed.
Mary Alice Voiceover:…in an attempt to hide assets in a divorce.
Susan: After the crash... 
Mary Alice Voiceover:…and the truth about the accident came out
Susan: …Mike told 'em that he was driving, but it wasn't true.
------------------------------------------------------------
Mary Alice Voiceover: The thing you have to understand about Dave Williams is he wanted to be forgiven. That's why he made the videotape. 
Dave: (on video) I didn't want to kill M.J. Delfino. I had to. Susan Mayer killed my wife and daughter. The police called it... an accident. But I don't believe a person who takes two precious lives should be allowed to just...walk away. I know some people will wonder, why didn't I just kill Susan? But what good would that have done? She'd be dead. There'd be no...suffering. And to those who hate me because I took the life...of an innocent young boy, I say...aw, crap.
Mary Alice Voiceover: Yes, Dave Williams wanted everyone to forgive him...
M.J.: Look, I got a new tackle box for our trip on Saturday.
Mary Alice Voiceover: …but not until he finished doing...the unforgivable.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Opening Credits]
------------------------------------------------------------
Mary Alice Voiceover: After the White Horse Nightclub was destroyed by a suspicious fire, one body was left unclaimed. The detectives on this case referred to him as..."John Doe a-37." For months, they tried to identify him. Then one day, they got a call from an impound lot. It seems a car had been towed from the club parking lot the night of the fire--a sedan that had been rented...to a Dr. Samuel Heller from Boston, who had been reported missing four months earlier. The doctor's dental records confirmed their theory. His receptionist, however, did not.
[Boston - Dr. Heller’s clinic]
Claire: No way. Dr. Heller did not die in that fire.
Detective Collins: Ma'am, we've got his dental records.
Claire: I don't care. You said the fire was four months go? Well, I've gotten texts from him since then.
Detective Collins: You have?
Claire: Yeah. The last one was just a few weeks ago. 
Detective Lyons: Maybe we should send a text back.
Detective Collins: Ma'am, you have your phone with you?
------------------------------------------------------------
[Susan’s house – doorway]
Susan: Hey, Dave. I was gonna call you.
Dave: You were? 
Susan: Yeah, um. Did you say something to M.J. about going on that fishing trip? 
Dave: Yeah, I did. I know how depress you were since Jackson was deported so I thought, now is the perfect time for the three of us to go up to the lake. And...I got M.J. his own little life vest.
Susan: I wish I could, but I can't. I'm worried about Jackson.
Dave: All the more reasons you know what they say about fishing--It's nature's tranquilizer.
Susan: Dave, I haven't heard Jackson since he was taken away and I just wanna be here in case he calls.
Dave: Yeah, well, that's okay. Just bring your cell phone.
Susan: I'd just feel more comfortable if I'm close by.
Dave: Oh, that's crazy. I mean, Jackson wouldn't want you sittin' around here worrying about him.
Susan: I'm sorry. We'll go fishing another time.
Dave: Don't you think you're being a little selfish here? I mean, what about M.J.? You wanna go fishing, don't you, buddy? 
M.J.: Yeah!
Dave: Yeah.
Susan: What are you doing? I just told you I can't go.
Dave: I'm just thinking about M.J.
Susan: He'll be fine.
Dave: You know what? You're right. I'm sorry. It's just a trip.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette’s house]
Preston: You're not listening! Six months in Europe would be educational.
Lynette: You know what would be more educational? You going to college like we talked about.
Preston: Mom, I've already been in school for 12 years already. I...I need a vacation. 
Lynette: Well, it seems like, based on your last visa records you've already been on vacation.
Preston: I'm gonna be 18. If I wanna go to Europe, I'll go to Europe.
Lynette: Oh? Well, good luck paying for it, because if you so much as apply for a passport, we're cuttin' you off. 
Preston: Cut off from the mighty Scavo family fortune. Oh, no.
Lynette: Tom, why didn't you help me out there?
Tom: Because I agree with him.
Lynette: What?
Tom: Well, he's young. He should be having fun. I mean, look--look at me. I'm a middle-aged man reading the want ads for jobs that I'll never get. I should've gone to Europe when I had the chance. 
Lynette: Hey, focus. Our son is throwing his life away. We have got to keep him on track.
Tom: What is so great about the track? I was on it. I did everything I was supposed to. It chewed me up and spit me out.
Lynette: I know you're discouraged, but... letting our son make a huge mistake is not gonna help anything. 
Tom: Even if it is a huge mistake, you got to let people make some decisions about their own life. Your way is not the only way.
Lynette: I am just trying to help Preston avoid the way marked "unemployable loser."
Tom: Fine. What do you want me to do?
Lynette: I want you to get this stupid Europe idea out of his head. Take him on a tour of the campus. Get him excited. Show him college could be fun.
Tom: Sure. And on the way home, I’ll show my college diploma to the guy at the burger barn. Yeah. They're hiring a new fry cook for the night shift.
Lynette: If you're really stopping by there, bring home some onion rings.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Gabrielle’s house]
Juanita: Mommy, what are you doing?
Gabrielle: We're going to a family reunion at Aunt Connie' and I want to look my best.
Juanita: Is it gonna be fun?
Gabrielle: Well, if your idea of a good time is sitting on rusty lawn chairs in the driveway eating lard in the shape of chicken, Then yeah! It's gonna be a blast.
Juanita: The driveway?
Gabrielle: Honey, you're 6 now, so I think it's time we had a little mother/daughter talk. Your father's side of the family's trash. Any questions?
Juanita: If you don't like her, why are you putting on your best jewelry?
Gabrielle: 'Cause that’s what grown-ups do, sweetie. When we don't like someone, we don't punch them or say mean things. We just find subtle ways to make them feel bad about their lives. Ooh, like these earrings, Aunt Connie can't afford them, and that'll make her sad. And this will bring her to her knees. And this will be a kick in her throat.
Juanita: If you hate 'em so much, maybe we shouldn't go.
Gabrielle: Oh, no, sweetie. We have to go. They're family.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Weston Brothers Storage]
Bree: See, this is why I wanted to check on my things. You don't leave a valuable painting on the damn floor. You need to put something underneath it.
Karl: Fine. How about this ugly doormat?
Bree: That is not a doormat. That is a handwoven Kurdish Kazak rug.
Karl: You know, Bree, when I hang out with you, I realize how little I know and how much I don't give a crap.
Bree: Give me that. I'm so glad this divorce is almost over. An obnoxious, unpleasant man will be out of my life, and so will Orson.
Karl: Hey, it's not over yet. You still got a couple of hurdles. Has Orson brought up the insurance claim again?
Bree: No, he thinks I filed it.
Karl: Great. When he realizes you never did, you'll be divorced, he'll be broke, and it won't matter.
Bree: Yes, and I'll be single again, and I can concentrate on my business, maybe do some traveling. 
Karl: Maybe spend a little time at the intersection of right leg and left leg, If you know what I'm saying. 
Bree: Sadly, Karl, I always know what you are saying.
Karl: You know, you want, I could set you up. I know a lot of great guys who are good for a free dinner. And a few laughs, huh?
Bree: Thanks, Karl. I'm not even divorced yet, and once I am, I don't think you'd be my first choice as a matchmaker.
Karl: Oh, shoot.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Outside Susan’s house]
Susan: (on phone) Hello?
Jackson: (on phone) Hey, Susan, it's me.
Susan: (on phone) Jackson, I have been so worried. Where--where are you?
Jackson: (on phone) Fairview Jail. They're processing my deportation papers.
Susan: (on phone) So they're sending you back? When?
Jackson: (on phone) Couple days. I just wanted to call and say thank you and...tell you that I'll miss you.
Susan: (on phone) Well...I'll miss you, too. I mean, you came in my life when I was going through a really hard time, and you were amazing. I mean, you are amazing.
Jackson: (on phone) You, too. 
Susan: (on phone) So…did the immigration people tell you how they found out about you? 
Jackson: (on phone) Anonymous tip. Although it's pretty obvious who "anonymous" is. Does Mike really think I'm that stupid?
Susan: (on phone) Mike? You think Mike did this?
Jackson: (on phone) Who else? Mike and Katherine were the only people who knew. Katherine was doing cartwheels about us getting married.
Susan: (on phone) Yeah, but, no, this doesn't make any sense because Mike knew that it wasn't for real.
Jackson: (on phone) Well, real or not, he had the look of a guy who's not ready to give you up, so—
Guard: Time's up. 
Jackson: (on phone) Uh, I-I gotta go. I'll try and call you again before I leave.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette’s house]
Tom: Sweetie!
Lynette: Hey, hey, how was the campus tour?
Tom: Fantastic. 
Lynette: Oh!
Tom: Oh, my god. That school is amazing.
Lynette: Oh. 
Tom: The professors are so engaged, and the kids were open and friendly.
Lynette: Really?
Tom: Yeah. It was inspiring. You were so right to send us.
Lynette: Good. Good. I knew if you saw the campus, you'd have a change of heart.
Preston: Me? Nah. I'm still going to Europe.
Lynette: What was that? I thought you said the tour was fantastic.
Tom: Okay, so Preston still needs a little convincing. But I don't. I'm going back to school.
Lynette: Wh-what's that now?
Tom: Okay. I know it's a little out of left field, but walking across the quad, I felt so alive. I spoke with someone in admissions, and all I have to do is pass an entrance exam.
Lynette: So...you would be a college student... again.
Tom: Uh-huh.
Lynette: 25 years after the first time. 
Tom: But this time--focused. This time, knowing exactly what I wanna major in.
Lynette: Which is?
Tom: Chinese.
Lynette: Chinese?
[Later]
All three housewives except Lynette: Chinese?
Gabrielle: As in "moo goo gai pan" Chinese?
Susan: What's he gonna do with that, watch Bruce Lee movies without the subtitles?
Lynette: Uh. We didn't get that far. I felt faint, and he left to go buy a backpack.
Bree: Ooh. Lynette, that's bad.
Lynette: Well, it's just so random, and the worst part is if I point that out, I'm a bitch.
Susan: Why is that? When did being practical and realistic become synonymous with bitchiness?
Gabrielle: The first time a man did something stupid, and a woman pointed it out.
Lynette: I know Tom. He's going to learn how to count to ten in Chinese then he'll get bored and move on to his new dream of becoming a beekeeper. 
Gabrielle: Well, then you have no choice. Bite the bullet and be bitch.
Bree: No, she has a choice. It's entirely possible to get what you want without being perceived of as a nagging shrew.
Lynette: Please, sensei, instruct me in your ancient ways.
Bree: Well, the key is to not let them know what you're doing. This requires observation, cunning and manipulation.
Gabrielle: Isn't it just easier to shut down your hoo-ha until he gives in?
Susan: I think that Bree is right--That the more Tom sees you digging in your heels, the more he's gonna wanna do it.
Bree: So you wait for an opportunity that you can use to your advantage while at the same time appearing supportive.
Lynette: That's your advice hope an opportunity just drops in my lap? Might as well start shopping for beekeeper suits.
Susan: Oh, you guys, I'm sorry. I gotta run.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Katherine’s house - doorway]
Susan: Hey. I need to talk to Mike.
Katherine: Oh, he's in the shower, but I'll tell him you stopped by. 
Susan: Oh, no need, I will wait.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Bree’s house - doorway]
Bree: Orson, I'm home.
Orson: Have a seat. So there never was a robbery. You took these things, hoping to hide them from me. And though I've tried to come up with a reason, I can't. So I'm forced to ask the question why. Why would you do such a thing?
Bree: I want a divorce.
Orson: I'm sorry. I don't understand.
Bree: My lawyer says you're entitled to half of everything we've acquired during the marriage, so I was trying to hide some of those things, since--let's face it-- I paid for them.
Orson: You've already hired a lawyer?
Bree: Yes, but I'm tired of all the lying and the sneaking around, so I will inform him you can have whatever you like. 
Orson: I don't want a divorce.
Bree: Well, that part's non-negotiable.
Orson: Can't we at least talk about this?
Bree: There's no point. So you should get a piece of paper, start to make a list of what it is you wish to take with you.
Orson: So... you don't want any of it?
Bree: No. all I want is out.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Katherine’s house]
Katherine: You know, he might be a while. Sure I can't help you?
Susan: No, I need to talk to Mike. Now you could flush the toilet and try to get him out there.
Katherine: You seem upset. Something happened?
Susan: Did mike turn Jackson in to immigration?
Katherine: No. Why would he do that?
Susan: I don't know. Jealousy? Jackson thinks mike is still hung up on me.
Katherine: Trust me, Susan. Mike did not turn Jackson in.
Susan: Mm. Shower's off. I guess we'll know in a few seconds.
Katherine: Listen...Mike couldn't have called immigration because I never told him that Jackson was marrying you for a green card.
Susan: Well, somebody did, because he sent me a text agreeing to keep paying me alimony.
Katherine: That was me. I sent it.
Susan: Are you insane? Why would you do something--
Katherine: Mike has asked me to marry him.
Susan: What?
Katherine: And I was afraid that if he found out that you weren't really in love with Jackson, that he might change his mind about me.
Susan: Okay, Katherine, that is...it's totally unfair to Mike. I mean, he needs to know the truth.
Katherine: I can make him happy, Susan. He just needs to get over you.
Mike: Katherine?
Katherine: Please, don't ruin this.
Mike: Hey, you wanna just order in? Oh, hey, Susan. Um...I'm glad you're here. Um, I have something I wanna tell you.
Susan: Um, yeah. I...Katherine already told me about your big news.
Mike: Oh. Ok. Well, hope we have your blessing.
Susan: Yes, sure. Why not?
Mike: I'm sorry, Susan. I was gonna tell you myself.
Susan: Well, don't be mad at Katherine. We all know that she just can't... keep a secret.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Outside Aunt Connie's house]
Gabrielle: Wow, this place is looking worse than ever.
Carlos: Yeah, Kinda Aunt Connie's Salons haven't been doing so well. Maybe you should take off some of those diamonds. You walk in there like that, you're gonna make her feel bad about herself.
Gabrielle: Say no more.
Carlos: You know, Aunt Connie's like a second mother to me. Why do you hate her so much?
Gabrielle: Because all she ever does is put me down. If you'd pay attention, you'd see what I'm talking about.
Aunt Connie: Oh! There's my Carlos! Are these the girls? No! They're so grown up! And, Gaby...Is it just me, or do you get more beautiful every time I see you?
Gabrielle: No, it's not just you.
Aunt Connie: Come here. Give me a hug.
Gabrielle: Let me see your palms.
Carlos: Gaby.  
Gabrielle: Fine. Ok.
Aunt Connie: Now come on in! The whole family's here. And I've mad some of my world-famous tamales.
Juanita: Aunt Connie seems nice. Maybe she's changed.
Gabrielle: Trash don't change, sweetheart. She's up to something. Now come on, let's go grab a lawn chair before we get stuck on the grass with the fire ants.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette’s house]
Phone machine: Tom Scavo, this is Mr. Cummings. We met during your tour of the campus. Forgive me, but I gave you the wrong date for the admissions test. It's tomorrow at 8 a.m. So get a good night's sleep, and we'll see you first thing in the morning.
Tom: Help! Help! Help! Help! Oh!
Lynette: Coming. I'm coming.
Tom: It goes...there.
Lynette: So I was thinking this whole going back to school thing deserves a little celebration.
Tom: Really? I didn't think you were on board.
Lynette: I wanna be supportive. Let's go for a nice dinner, get a bottle of wine...maybe two, since we don't have to wake up early tomorrow.
Tom: Or we can go to that Mexican place that has those great margaritas.
Lynette: Oh, Tom. You and tequila? What a great idea.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Aunt Connie's house - yard]
Carlos’ female relative #1: Okay, everybody, I need you to gather around. Aunt Connie has something to say.
Carlos: Gaby, come on. Here's waiting.
Gabrielle: Well, let her wait. I need something to drink. Trying to keep down one of hers world-famous tamales.
Aunt Connie: Thank you all so much for coming today. It's been so long since we've been together.
Carlos’ female relative #2: We love you, Aunt Connie.
Aunt Connie: Oh, and I love all of you. There's nothing more important than family. And now I have an announcement to make. As many of you know, I've battled a weak heart for most of my life. And the doctor now tells me that I may only have a few months left.
Gabrielle: Sorry. Bad heart. Floor's all yours.
Aunt Connie: As some of you know, I've been taking care of my granddaughter, my beautiful Ana. Because of my condition, I can't do it anymore, and I need someone to take her in. I realize that this is a lot to ask.
Miguel’s wife: We would love to help out but Miguel just lost his job. We're barely scraping by.
Aunt Connie: I understand. Obviously, it has to be someone who can afford to do this.
Carlos’ male relative #1: We wish we could, but we've got such a full house. Maybe it should be someone who doesn't have kids.
Aunt Connie: I know this is not gonna be easy, but we're family, and this is what we do for each other.
Gabrielle: Well, you know...we're still gonna be family tomorrow, so I think we should think about it overnight and search our hearts, and try to figure out which one of your homes is best for Ana.
Aunt Connie: Gabrielle's right. And please know that I won't judge any of you harshly if you decide that you cannot take care of my beautiful granddaughter.
Gabrielle: We love you, Aunt Connie! Yeah.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Bree's house]
Bree: What are you doing?
Orson: I'm helping.
Bree: I don't need any help. And besides, my Parisian salad doesn't call for any chives.
Orson: Yes. I've always thought it was a bit bland. I think the chives will give it the bite it's so sortly lacking
Bree: My salad has plenty of bite. So...when are you moving out?
Orson: Actually, I'm not.
Bree: Excuse me?
Orson: Oh, I've decided to stay so we can work on our marriage. Am I cutting these too fine?
Bree: Orson, I understand this is a shock, but you have to face facts. Our marriage is over.
Orson: Ah, once you weigh what's at stake, I think you'll change your mind.
Bree: Well, if you're referring to the financial settlement, I already told you, I don't care anymore.
Orson: No, actually, I'm referring to your freedom. I've been to jail, Bree. Trust me, you wouldn't last ten seconds.
Bree: Jail? 
Orson: Yes, of course. Well, insurance fraud is a serious crime.
Bree: Ah, but I never filed insurance crime.
Orson: Ah, but I did.
Bree: What?! 
Orson: Yes, I thought we were robbed. So, of course, I did the responsible thing and reported it...on both our behalves. And since you rather carelessly rented the storage unit under your own name, I think the police will find me completely blameless.
Bree: You would actually send your wife to prison?
Orson: My wife? No. My ex-wife? You bet. But it won't come to that, darling. I know we can get back to what we both once had.
Bree: That will never happen.
Orson: And sure we've had our challenges--Your penchant for emasculation, my kleptomania. But every marriage has its ebb and flow.
Bree: Orson, please don't do this. I don't love you.
Orson: That's all right, darling. I have enough love for the both of us. Not bland anymore.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Gabrielle's house]
Carlos: The girls are sacked out. Can we talk now?
Gabrielle: What's there to talk about? You won't even let the girls get a golden retriever, and now you wanna take in a teenager?
Carlos: It's not about what I want. It's about doing the right thing. This is what family does for each other.
Gabrielle: Well, luckily, it's a big family. Let her go live with Nina and Luis.
Carlos: They have eight kids.
Gabrielle: So what's one more? They'll never know the difference.
Carlos: You're being selfish.
Gabrielle: No, I'm thinking about our children. They're so happy. Taking in a kid we don't even know? That's a huge risk.
Carlos: Yeah, it's the same risk my aunt Connie took for me and my mother. My father left, my mum and I had nowhere else to turn. Aunt Connie opened her home to us. She saved us from the streets.
Gabrielle: Yeah, and knowing Aunt Connie, she's waited all these years to call that favor in. She's probably dying on purpose.
Carlos: Babe, we are so blessed. This is a chance for us to give back. Maybe God gave me back my sight and all this money so I could help my family. Gaby, think about it. If something happened to us, wouldn't you want someone to do this for our two girls? 
------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette 's house]
Lynette: Okay, whoa, whoa, easy. You're a little drunk there.
Tom: That's 'cause I love you, Lynette!
Lynette: I love you, too, baby. Here you go.
Tom: And I love you, Preston.
Porter: I'm Porter.
Tom: I could never tell you two apart. But you're my favorite.
Tom: Lynette! How come you let me drink so many margaritas? 
Preston: Yeah, and why did we have to stay till closing? It's almost 2. 
Lynette: Who cares what time it is? We were celebrating a big change in your dad's life. Hey, someone called.
Phone machine: Tom Scavo, this is Mr. Cummings. We met during your tour of the campus. Forgive me, but I gave you the wrong date for the admissions test. It's tomorrow at 8 a.m.
Tom: Oh, cram! I gotta crap for that test!
Lynette: Oh, Jeezs.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Edie's house]
Cellphone text: Dr. Heller, Please contact me immediately. Claire
Imaginational Dr. Heller: They're on to you. Those messages you sent to my receptionist didn't fool anybody. They've identified my body, and now they're trying to trap you.
Dave: It's not gonna work. 
Imaginational Dr. Heller: They can trace those signals, Dave. They're going to find you. It's too late. Whatever plan you had, it went to hell when you killed me. You should've stayed on your meds.
Dave: Y-you don't know what you're talking about. I'm getting away with this.
Imaginational Lila: Why would you want to? I don't mean to criticize, but I thought you were doing this for us.
Dave: I am. I want justice for our family.
Imaginational Lila: Then who cares if you're caught? We miss you, Dave. We should be together.
Dave: So...what are you saying? So I should just...walk over and kill M.J. now?
Imaginational Edie: Sure. Why not? And let's face it, your plan to take the kid to some lake and pretend he accidentally drowned? Boring. Hey, isn't it better than Susan know why her son had to die? I mean, the whole point is to make her suffer. Right?
Dave: That's true.
Imaginational Edie: And then the whole world will finally understand what you've been going through. 
------------------------------------------------------------
[Outside Katherine's house]
Mike: Yeah, that's it! Good job. One more just like that.
Susan: Ooh. Hey. Um, can I talk to you a sec?
Mike: Yeah. Sure.
[Inside]
Mike: I'm gonna get some juice. You want anything?
Susan: Um, no, thanks. So, look, uh.. I'm sorry if I was a little under-enthusiastic the other day about you and Katherine getting married.
Mike: Oh, well, I understand. You just found out your fiance was being deported. The timing kind of sucked.
Susan: Yeah. That and, uh...I don't know. It d-did kind of come out of nowhere.
Mike: Well, we have been living together. 
Susan: I know. But still...I mean, it happened so fast. I just...I wanna make sure that you know what you're doing.
Mike: Susan...
Susan: I know. And feel free to throw me out of your house if I'm out of line...But do you love her?
Mike: Why would you ask that?
Susan: Just answer the question.
Mike: Yeah. I love her.
Susan: Good. That's all I needed to hear. Well, I hope that you will be very happy together.
Mike: And I hope everything works out for you and Jackson.
Susan: Yeah, well, I don't know if that's gonna happen.
Mike: What do you mean? You two aren't getting married?
Susan: Oh, the truth is, um...well, it's complicated.
Katherine: Hey, Susan! M.J. told me you're here. What are you guys talking about?
Mike: We were talking about you, actually.
Katherine: Me? What about me?
Susan: Well...I realized that I never properly congratulated you on getting married.
Katherine: Really?
Susan: Really.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette's house]
Lynette: Hey, babe. How'd the test go?
Tom: It's as though...I dug down deep and I found a new level of suck that I never knew I had in me.
Lynette: I'm sure it wasn't that bad.
Tom: Lynette...I puked tequila in the parking lot, I-I passed out twice in the essay section, I giggled uncontrollably when I read the word "Uranus.". Add to that that I'm pretty sure that I spelled "Scavo" wrong. And it is a safe bet that I will not be broadening my horizons anytime soon.
Lynette: Hey. Don't sweat it. You wanted to learn Chinese...mm, we'll get you a book. 
Tom: Mandarin is a very complicated language. You can't get the kind of fluency you need for the professional marketplace from a book. 
Lynette: Marketplace?
Tom: That's the whole point. China is one of the world's fastest growing economies. The opportunity for someone with my marketing experience who can speak the language are amazing. I mean, we're talking beaucoup bucks. I could've totally reinvented myself.
Lynette: That's...a brilliant plan. Why didn't you tell me this?
Tom: What does matter? It's over. I'm sorry I let you down.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Katherine's house]
Susan: Wow. You're getting married this weekend?
Mike: Yeah. That's the good thing about Vegas. Doesn't require any planning. 
Katherine: Oh, my gosh. You know what? Why don't you come with us? You could be my maid of honor. That's ridiculous, isn't it?
Susan: It's sweet, but...yeah, it's ridiculous. And besides, um, M.J. and I have big plans this weekend.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Outside Susan's house]
Susan: Hey, Dave. Glad I caught you. Is your friend's boat still available this weekend?
Dave: What?
Susan: I was thinking about what you said, and you were right. It really would do me good to get out of here for a few days
Dave: You're right. It would do us all some good.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Aunt Connie’s house]
Aunt Connie: (on phone) Carlos! You have no idea how much this means to me, knowing that you and Gaby will be looking after my beautiful Ana. I can finally be at peace. I love you, too. And tell Gaby I said thank you. Bye.
Relative: So...are you gonna tell him the truth about Ana?
Aunt Connie: Oh, they'll find out soon enough.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Roberta’s house]
Roberta: (on phone) Hello?
Claire: (on phone) Hi. I'm trying to reach Roberta Simmonds.
Roberta: (on phone) Speaking, but barely. Who's this?
Claire: (on phone) This is Claire Cormier, Dr. Heller's receptionist. Do you remember me?
Roberta: (on phone) Yeah, sure. But I'm right in the middle of my breakfast, so could you call me back around 11:00. 
Claire: (on phone) I just thought you might wanna know the police stopped by. They told me that Dr. Heller is dead.
Roberta: (on phone) Yeah, go on. I'm listening.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Mrs. McCluskey’s house]
Mrs. McCluskey: Dr. Heller died in a fire at the white horse?
Roberta: And apparently, there was no smoke in his lungs. Which means he was dead before the fire started. My guess the person he was coming to see is the person who killed him.
Mrs. McCluskey: Dave.  
Roberta: Dave.
Mrs. McCluskey: Roberta, what are we gonna do? 
Roberta: Go to the police.
Mrs. McCluskey: And tell 'em what? 
Roberta: We know Dr. Heller was a criminal psychologist and we're pretty sure Dave was his patient.
Mrs. McCluskey: I'd feel better if we had proof.
Roberta: I'd feel better if I had a functioning liver, but sometimes you have to play the hand you're dealt.
Mrs. McCluskey: If we walk into the police with a half-cocked story, they're gonna laugh us out of the station. I don't know how, but we--we gotta give 'em something more.
Roberta: Didn't you tell me Dave once broke into your house?
Mrs. McCluskey: Yeah. Why?
Roberta: Maybe it's time we returned the favor.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Fairview Jail]
Detective Lyons: You know, when you missed your appointment on Monday, we thought maybe you skipped out on us.
Jackson: Yeah, well, as you can see, I was otherwise detained.
Detective Collins: You know this guy?
Jackson: No. Who is he?
Detective Lyons: Samuel Heller--the John Doe who died in the club fire. You sure you didn't see him when you were in that back away.
Jackson: No. Well, like I told you that night, I was only back there for a minute.
Detective Collins: And you didn't see anybody?
Jackson: Aw, jeez, it was a long time ago. No. I was looking for the men's room. I ran into Dave Williams. He was coming out of the storage room--
Detective Lyons: Wait. You saw Dave Williams come out of the storage room?
Jackson: Yeah. Didn't I tell you that before? I thought it was the bathroom, but Dave pointed me in the right direction.
Detective Collins: And right after that, somebody locked you in.
Jackson: Come on. You don't think Dave did that.
Detective Lyons: I don't know. He have any reason to harm you?
Jackson: No. We're friends. He's one of the nicest guys I've ever met.
Detective Collins: Well, thank you for your time, Mr. Braddock.
Jackson: I'm sorry I couldn't be more help.
Detective Lyons: How many times we talk to this Williams guy?
Detective Collins: Oh, I don't know. Four?
Detective Lyons: He ever mention anything about be in that storage room.
Detective Collins: He did not.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Car]
M.J.: And I'm gonna catch a fish this big.
Susan: Well, if you do, we're gonna clean it and serve it up for dinner. 
M.J.: And if I don't, can we eat the worms?
Mike: Just make sure he catches a fish.
Dave: Hey, Mike, I got something for you. It's a video from our band, one of our early rehearsals.
Mike: Man, do I even want to see this?
Dave: Yeah. We weren't half bad.
Dave: Don't watch it till you get back from your honeymoon. Ok?
Mike: Will do. Thanks.
Susan: Okay. Bye, Mike. Have a nice wedding.
Mike: Thanks. 
Mike: You take good care of my boy, okay?
Dave: You can count on me.
------------------------------------------------------------
 [Three Years Earlier]
Mary Alice Voiceover: The first thing Lila Dash thought about that fateful morning was her husband Dave. It occurred to her she should buy him a new tie. She thought of her husband again that afternoon...and decided she would make him something special for dinner. That evening, Lila once again thought about her husband...and she asked herself what she had done to deserve someone...so wonderful.
[Dave’s house]
Dave: Hey, you. What are you thinking about?
Lila: Nothin'. So what do you say we all go out for ice cream?
Dave: Oh, I'd love to, but I brought work home.
Lila: Again?
Dave: I know. I'm so boring. Hey, why don't you two go?
Lila: No. We'll all go tomorrow.
Dave: Now how can you make this face wait a whole day for ice cream? Look sad. Yeah.
Lila: Oh, fine. I'll take her now. Come on, sweetie.
Dave: Hey, how about tomorrow night, I'll leave my briefcase at the office, and we do something special, just the three of us?
Lila: It's a date.
Mary Alice Voiceover: But there would be no tomorrows for Lila and Paige Dash...because that was the night they crashed...into Susan and Mike Delfino. 
Mary Alice Voiceover: The last thing Lila Dash thought about before she died...was her husband Dave. She wondered what her death would do to him. Luckily for Lila, she would never know.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Opening Credits]
------------------------------------------------------------
Mary Alice Voiceover: There was a wedding recently at Fairview Presbyterian Church. The minister spoke about the nature of marriage and then said what all ministers say to conclude such matters.
Minister: You may now kiss the bride.
Mary Alice Voiceover: It was then the church bells began to ring, telling brides-to-be everywhere their turn was next.
[Katherine’s house]
Katherine: Hello, groom. Guess what? I called the hotel to tell them we were getting married. They promised to upgrade us to a suite and have champagne on ice. Isn't that terrific?
Mike: Yeah. Yeah, that's great.
Katherine: Wow, I hope you can muster up a little more enthusiasm for the "I dos."
Mike: I'm sorry. I'm just thinking about Susan and M.J..
Katherine: Why?
Mike: Well, when they left, I just got a weird vibe from Dave.
Katherine: Dave always gives off a weird vibe. That's just Dave.
Mike: No, I-I think I should call 'em.
Katherine: Or maybe you should get our bags in the car so we don't miss our flight? Because if we miss our flight, we're going to miss our wedding day, and if we miss our wedding day, we're gonna miss our wedding night.
Mike: Yeah, you're right. I'm probably worried about nothing. I'll load the car.
Katherine: Uh, we need to stop at the store. I have to get videotape for the camera.
Mike: Oh, I got some old ones in the desk. Just grab one. We'll record over it.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Outside Gabrielle’s house]
Gabrielle: She's two blocks away. She'll be here any second.
Carlos: Great. Are you nervous?
Gabrielle: Why would I be nervous?
Carlos: Well, you're about to have a teenager in the house.
Gabrielle: Well, I didn't say I wasn't sedated.
Carlos: Yeah, I'm a little freaked out, too. But we're doing the right thing.
Gabrielle: Yeah, when I think about everything that little girl's been through...her dad walked out, her mother's in jail, the way she bounced from relative to relative--I just want this to be the end of the line for her.
Carlos: Me, too.
Juanita: Mommy, here comes the taxi!
Carlos: I wonder if she'll even remember me.
Gabrielle: Oh, I doubt it. You haven't seen her since she was 6.
Carlos: Yeah, and when she was little, I used to spend a lot of time with her and her dad before he left. I remember taking her on the swings at the park. I remember buying her ice cream. I remember giving her piggyback rides… I don't remember that.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Karl’s office]
Karl: You told him about the divorce?
Bree: I had to. He found the storage unit. He wanted an explanation. I was in such a state of shock, I couldn't think of anything else to say.
Karl: Bree, this isn't good.
Bree: You have no idea. Now he's saying if I try to divorce him, he can go to the police and report me.
Karl: Report you? For what?
Bree: Filing a false insurance claim. He's the one who filed it, but he's gonna say that I told him to.
Karl: Oh, crap.
Bree: I told him I don't love him. He said he doesn't care. He wants us to work on our marriage.
Karl: Well, clearly, the guy's a little crazy.
Bree: A little? The man put chives in my Parisian salad! He should be in a straightjacket!
Karl: Okay, calm down. This isn't the end of the world.
Bree: Isn't it? I'm being blackmailed by a man I'm starting to despise, and if I don't pretend to love him, he can have me arrested.
Karl: Bree...I don't want you to worry about this. We're gonna think of something.
Bree: What can we think of? He's holding all the cards.
Karl: Trust me. No one ever holds all the cards.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette’s house]
Tom: Lynette, get down here!
Lynette: What's going on?
Tom: I just got off the phone with the university. I'm in!
Lynette: Really? You passed the test?
Tom: Not only did I pass the test, your genius husband scored in the top 5%, drunk out of his mind! Which, by the way, I am not condoning...ever.
Penny: Congrats, dad!
Tom: Thank you, baby.
Parker: I can help you study if you want.
Tom: I'm not sure how much help you're gonna be. I'm majoring in Chinese.
Preston: I know how to say "take me to a strip bar" in mandarin.
Lynette: I'm so proud. Porter, aren't you gonna congratulate your father?
Porter: Congratulations on ruining my life. If you see me on campus, you're not allowed to talk to me.
Lynette: Okay, that's everyone.
Tom: This calls for hot fudge sundaes. Everybody... in the car! You coming? Uh, I'm gonna make a quick phone call, and I'll be right out.
Lynette: (on phone) This is Lynette Scavo. May I please speak to Dr. Rushton? Tell him it's important. Dr. Rushton, I need to come in and see you as soon as possible. I think the cancer's back.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Car]
M.J.: Mommy, can I have a juice box?
Susan: Oh, sweetie. You just had one, and we don't want to have to stop ten times so you can go to the bathroom.
M.J.: I miss diapers.
Susan: Oh, the joys of being a parent.
Dave: Yeah, I remember.
Susan: You do?
Dave: I had a little girl. She died.
Susan: Oh, my god. I...I-I had no idea. I'm so sorry.
Dave: That's okay. I'm learning to deal with it.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Edie’s house]
Roberta: I can't believe Edie gave you a key.
Mrs. McCluskey: Why not? She trusted me. And I only used it when I was out of milk or bread...or cash. Okay, look for anything that could tie Dave to Dr. Heller. Look through his files, his papers, even his trash. Roberta, what are you doing? We're trying to catch a murderer.
Roberta: I know, but before I get to the bottom of that, I'd like to get to the bottom of this. Oh, look! Muscle relaxers--score! Mrs. McCluskey: Put that back! They're not yours.
Roberta: Yeah, apparently, they're not his either. Who's David Dash?
Detective Collins: Mr. Williams? It's the police.
Roberta: Oh, cheese it!
Detective Collins: We need to ask you a few questions.
Mrs. McCluskey: Please tell me you doesn't have anything illegal on you.
Roberta: I do, but it's hidden. And if they find it, we got a lawsuit.
Detective Lyons: Ladies? Open up, please.
------------------------------------------------------------
Orson: Uh, hi there. Can I help you?
Hatchet man: Well, I hope so. Are you Orson Hodge?
Orson: Yes, I am. You are...
Hatchet man: You want me to let go? You want me to let go?
Orson: Yeah.
Hatchet man: There, I let go. Now you gotta do the same.
Orson: I don't know what you mean.
Hatchet man: Oh, I think you do, and I am dead serious. If you don't let go...next time, neither will I.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Gabrielle’s house]
Gabrielle: Brought you a laundry basket. You need me to show you how to use the washer? It's my clever way of saying you're gonna be doing your own laundry.
Ana: Okay.
Gabrielle: You know, the girls have chores, too. It's how we teach 'em responsibility. Speaking of which, uh...curfew's 10:00, 11:00 on weekends. Does that seem reasonable?
Ana: Sure. No problem.
Gabrielle: This teenager thing isn't so bad.
Ana: So what are my other chores?
Gabrielle: Oh, well, not to push my luck, but I was thinking you could sweep the front porch and take care of the guest bathroom.
Ana: You got it.
Gabrielle: Oh, that's a pretty dress. Oh, my god, it's Versace!
Ana: Yeah. It's all right.
Gabrielle: "All right"? Young lady, if you live under my roof, you will not disparage Versace.
Ana: Sorry.
Gabrielle: No, I'm just kidding. it was a joke.
Ana: Oh. Funny. Well, I guess I'm gonna get started on my laundry.
Gabrielle: Vera Wang! Where are you getting all these dresses?
Ana: They were gifts. You know, from boyfriends.
Gabrielle: Boyfriends? How many do you have?
Ana: Not as many as I used to. I had to make some cutbacks.
Gabrielle: Yeah, the economy has hit us all. So...what kind of boyfriends can afford things like this?
Ana: They're college guys with rich parents who can pay for everything.
Gabrielle: And so... they give you designer clothes, and you give them...
Ana: The pleasure of my company.
Gabrielle: Yeah. Okay, well...don't take this the wrong way, but that's not exactly from the Versace virgin line.
Ana: I don't have to do anything. They just have to think I might.
Gabrielle: Uh-huh, and how long do you think that will last?
Ana: Till 10:00, 11:00 on the weekends. Just kidding. It was a joke.
Gabrielle: Ha. Funny.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Bree’s house]
Bree: Are you all right? What happened to your shirt?
Orson: Why don't you ask your friend? The one you hired to assault me.
Bree: You were assaulted?
Orson: He, uh... grabbed me by the throat, threw me to the ground and told me to "let go". Your message came through loud and clear.
Bree: I had nothing to do with that.
Orson: Please. Who else would have done it?
Bree: I don't know. But I swear to you, we may have our differences, but I would never hire someone to attack you. You have to believe me.
Orson: I do. Forgive me. I should've known you could never hurt me. I'll stay.
Bree: What?
Orson: Once I've unpacked, I'll bring you my shirt so you can mend it.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Gabrielle’s house - Porch]
Carlos: We're just running to the store, Ana. We'll be back in a bit.
Ana: Okay. I'll sweep the porch while you're gone.
Gabrielle: And if you don't mind, will you make sure Juanita and Celia do their chores, too?
Ana: Sure thing.

Carlos: I got the rest, babe.
Gabrielle: All right, I'll see you inside.
Ana: Oh, you're back.
Gabrielle: Oh, my god. Ana, the houses so clean.
Ana: Just wanted to do my part.
Gabrielle: Well, how did you get everything down so quickly?
Ana: Well-
Preston: We finished upstairs, Ana.
Porter: Anything else you need done?
Ana: They wanted to hang out, but I had chores to do, so they insisted on helping me. Aren't they sweet?
Parker: Hey, um, I'm not bragging and I don't recommend it, but you could so eat out of your downstairs toilet.
Gabrielle: Okay, boys, thanks for your hard work, but maybe it's time to go home and take a shower...preferably a cold one.
Ana: Bye, Preston.
Porter: I'm Porter.
Preston: I'm Preston.
Parker: Oh, you can call me whatever you want.
Gabrielle: All right.
Juanita: Mommy, it was so cool. Ana got the boys to do my chores, too.
Gabrielle: Did she?
Juanita: I wanna learn how to make boys do stuff. Can you teach me?
Gabrielle: Uh, okay, Juanita, go to your room. And don't come out until you're 18.
Ana: Is something wrong?
Gabrielle: Ana, the whole point of chores is that you do them. You don't bat your eyes and call rent-a-horny-kid.
Ana: The house is clean. What do you care how it got that way?
Gabrielle: I care about the message it sends to my little girls, and I'm starting to care a little bit about your tone.
Ana: Oh, I'm sorry. How do you like your housekeepers to speak to you?
Gabrielle: And the teenager has finally arrived. Ana, listen. We want you to be part of this family. We will love you and support you and take care of you, but in exchange, you will show us a little bit of respect and obey our rules, which means doing your own chores, no boys in the house and no more gifts from men.
Ana: I get it now. You're jealous.
Gabrielle: Of what?
Ana: Of me. You're not young anymore. You can't get guys to do things for you, and that drives you crazy.
Gabrielle: You wanna see crazy? Make one more statement like that, and I am throwing your ass out on the street. You care to test me?
[Outside]
Carlos: Ana? What's wrong?
Ana: I don't know what I did. She wants to kick me out.
[Inside]
Carlos: So she had a couple boys come over and do her chores. You've been doing stuff like that your whole life.
Ana: That's not the point! You didn't hear the way she talked to me!
Carlos: I don't care! You don't tell a kid who's been bounced around her whole life that you're gonna throw her out on the street!
Ana: I didn't tell her that! I just...kind of threatened to.
Carlos: Bottom line--she is my niece, and she is not going anywhere. You're the adult, Gaby. Start acting like it.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Police station]
Mrs. McCluskey: I know this looks bad, but we did what we did for a good reason.
Detective Collins: Ma'am, you can't break into a person's house for any reason.
Roberta: Uh, what if there's a baby inside and there's a fire?
Detective Collins: Well-
Roberta: See? Everything's not all cut and dry, is it, rookie?
Mrs. McCluskey: Roberta, don't piss him off. You can't take a club to the head like you used to.
Detective Lyons: Okay, I just got off the phone with Heller's secretary. David dash was definitely a patient there.
Detective Collins: Well, that's why we couldn't make the match. He changed his last name.
Detective Lyons: Mm-hmm, and get this. He's the same guy whose wife and daughter were killed in that car crash up on Canterbury Road.
Mrs. McCluskey: Canterbury Road! I remember that accident. My neighbors Mike and Susan were in the car that hit 'em.
Roberta: Oh, wait. Now wait. Okay, that's weird. I mean, why would Dave move onto the same street as the people who killed his family?
------------------------------------------------------------
[Hospital]
Nurse: The doctor has our results. He'll be here in a minute.
Lynette: Do you know what they are?
Nurse: You'll need to talk to the doctor about that.
Lynette: Come on. I know you know. It's cancer again. Am I right?
Nurse: I honestly don't know. Now please, he'll just be a moment.
Lynette: If it's cancer, and I find out you knew, I won't be dying alone.
Dr. Rushton: Hello, Lynette. Well, I'm glad you came in we got the results back, and the test did pick something up.
Lynette: So it is the cancer. Oh, god, I can't go through this again!
Dr. Rushton: No, no, no. It's nothing like that. You're pregnant.
Lynette: Excuse me?
Dr. Rushton: About six weeks or so.
Lynette: Are you sure it's not cancer?
------------------------------------------------------------
[Airport]
Mike: (on phone) Okay, Susan. But when you're out on the boat, make sure you put on sunscreen. And on your feet, too. Remember our trip to Mexico? Okay, I'll talk to you guys later.
Mike: Everything's fine. I don't know what I was worried about.
Katherine: Are you sure you wanna do this?
Mike: Do what?
Katherine: Go to Vegas, get married. I mean, it is a whole weekend away from Susan.
Mike: Katherine, I told you. I just wanted to make sure M.J. was okay.
Katherine: Why don't you just admit it? You're still hung up on her.
Mike: Oh, for god sake, are we gonna do this again?
Katherine: All I know is, it's our wedding day, and you were in a crappy mood until you talked to your ex-wife.
Mike: Katherine, I wouldn't be sitting here if I didn't want to marry you. Okay?
Katherine: Really?
Mike: Really. Do I need to shout it out in the airport?
Katherine: You wouldn't do that.
Mike: Oh, I will. I'll--I'll do whatever I need t to prove my love!
Katherine: No, it's okay! You convinced me. I am dying for a cappuccino. You want one?
Mike: Yeah, I do.
Katherine: You said it. "I do". Can't take it back now.
Video tape: Should be allowed to just...walk away. I know some people will wonder, why didn't I just kill Susan? But what good would that have done? She'd be dead. There'd be no...suffering. And to those of you who hate me because I took the life of an innocent, young boy, I say...
Mike: Katherine! Excuse me. That woman I was with? Tell her I had to go. It's an emergency.
Passenger: Oh, uh, your friend asked me to tell you he had to leave.
Katherine: What?
Passenger: He said to say he's sorry.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Karl’s office]
Bree: What were you thinking?
Karl: First, tell me if it worked, then I'll tell you what I was thinking.
Bree: Don't be glib. Did you hire someone to attack Orson?
Karl: Yes.
Bree: Are you insane? Your thug tried to strangle him.
Karl: If he had tried to strangle him, he'd be dead. Look, Orson had the upper hand in this divorce. We needed to regain it.
Bree: Not by resorting to physical violence. I would never have given my permission for that.
Karl: That's why I didn't ask you. W-what's your beef here, Bree?
Bree: My beef is that from the minute I walked into this office, you have pulled me deeper and deeper into your moral cesspool. That is not why I hired you.
Karl: Please. That is exactly why you hired me. Facet. You were tired of being a good girl. You knew it was time to play dirty.
Bree: I wanted to protect what was mine. You have turned into someone I don't recognize.
Karl: And you've loved every minute of it.
Bree: No, I haven't.
Karl: Yes, you have! And so have I. Because the truth is, I think you're the most fascinating woman that I have ever met.
Bree: What? Karl...if I have not been clear about how I feel about you, I apologize for any ambiguity. Understand this--I detest you.
Karl: No, you don't. I can see it in your eyes. You want me to walk over there and pull you up against me and kiss you until your knees buckle.
Bree: You're fired.
Karl: Good. That keeps this from being a breach of ethics.
Bree: My knees haven't buckled yet.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Car]
All sings: * She swallowed the spider to catch the fly *
Dave: *I don't know why she swa-- *
Susan: Oh, it's your daddy. (on phone) Hey, Mike.
Mike: (on phone) Hey, where are you? Are you with Dave?
Susan: (on phone) Uh, yeah. We are in the car, singing.
Mike: (on phone) All right, Susan, listen to me. Do not react to what I'm about to tell you.
Susan: (on phone) This sounds really---
Mike: (on phone) Susan! Do you understand me?
Susan: (on phone) Okay.
Mike: (on phone) Dave's real name is David Dash. He's the husband of the woman we killed in the accident.
Susan: (on phone) Oh, my god.
Mike: (on phone) Don't react!
Dave: Problem?
Susan: (on phone) That sucks. How could they cancel your flight?
Mike: (on phone) All right, you guys are in danger. Just get away from him. Go to a gas station, a store...anyplace there's people. I'm on my way.
Susan: (on phone) Right. So how long do you think you'll be delayed?
Mike: (on phone) Uh, I'm a half-hour from the lake. I'm calling the cops right now. Just get away from him. Get out of that car and get away from Dave. And you call me the second you do.
Susan: (on phone) Well, I hope you get there soon. 
Dave: Bumped his flight? Oh, what a drag. Okay, from the top.
All sings: * There was an old lady who swallowed a fly. I don't know why she swallowed the fly. Perhaps she'll die *

Susan: Gosh, it feels like we've been driving forever. Maybe we should stretch our legs.
Dave: Ah, we're almost there. Let's keep going.
Susan: Aren't you hungry, though? Maybe there's a restaurant up ahead.
Dave: I really don't want to stop, Susan.
Susan: Okay. It's no big deal.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette’s house]
Tom: Hon! Look what I got for college. I got pens. I got notebooks. Ooh, I got an English to mandarin dictionary
'cause you never know when you might need a 公公七七.Oh, and look at this. Check it out. They're scented. You wanna smell grape? What? They're...like candy.
Lynette: I went to the doctor today.
Tom: What's wrong?
Lynette: I'm pregnant.
Tom: Pregnant?大With a baby?
Lynette: How long have you been sniffing those markers? Of course with a baby.
Tom: But you can't. I mean...w-we can't. W-we're old!
Lynette: Well, apparently, not old enough.
Tom: What am I gonna do about school?
Lynette: What am I gonna do about my job?
Tom: We're gonna have another baby.
Lynette: Actually, I have an addendum to that.
Tom: Please tell me you're about to recite the girl scout oath.
Lynette: No, Tom. We're having twins...again.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Car]
M.J.: I have to go potty.
Susan: Okay, sweetie. Do you mind pulling over at the next rest stop?
Dave: We're almost there, buddy. Can you hold it?
M.J.: No. I really have to go.
M.J.: Fine.
Susan: Just hold on a few more minutes.
Susan: Here? He—he can't go here.
Dave: Come on, M.J.. Let's go.
Susan: Um, can't we find a gas station or maybe a diner?
Dave: He's a big boy. He can use the bushes.
Susan: Okay. Here, M.J.
Dave: Don't go too far.
Dave: (on phone) Hello?
Detective Collins: (on phone) Dave, Detective Collins with the Fairview P.D. We know everything.
Dave: (on phone) I'm sorry. What are you—
Detective Collins: (on phone) Heller, your wife, your child. All of it. If you come in now, I'll do everything I can to help you. But let's end this before someone gets hurt.
Susan: Keys. Keys...
Susan: M.J., run!
Susan: Come on, honey! Let's run! Let's run!
M.J.: Why are we running?
Susan: We're playing a game with Dave, okay? So run as fast as you can.
M.J.: Are you okay?
Susan: I'm fine.
Dave: Susan! M.J.!
Susan: Okay, listen. It's really important that you win this game. So I want you to find a good hiding place, and even if you hear Dave, you don't come out no matter what, okay? Okay? Don't worry. I'm gonna hide, too. Now go. Go!
Dave: Where is he? You are not gonna mess this up! We are too close to the finish line! Now call him! Call him.
Susan: M.J.! Don't come out!
Dave: M.J.! You wanna go fishing, don't you, buddy? Well, if you don't come out now, we're gonna get there too late! I'll let you drive the boat! Okay, if you don't come out right now, we're gonna leave without you. You don't wanna be in this scary graveyard after dark, do ya? All right, M.J., we're leaving!
M.J.: Mommy, wake up. I get to drive the boat.

Susan: Now keep the volume really high. You don't wanna hear all the boring grown-up talk. 
Dave: Buckle up.
Susan: What are you gonna do to us?
Dave: Shut up. I'm trying to think.
Susan: Dave, please...I'm so sorry about that accident. You don't wanna hurt M.J. or me. You're a good person. I know you.
Dave: Don't analyze me. The last guy who tried that didn't do so well.
Susan: Well, you won't get away with it. Mike already called the cops. They're on their way.
Dave: Enough!
Mike: (on phone) Susan? Where are you?
Dave: (on phone) Not up at the lake. You kind of screwed up my plans here, Mike.
Susan: Mike!
Dave: (on phone) Oh, and, uh, Susan says hello.
Mike: (on phone) Okay, Dave, take it easy. You want revenge? Let Susan and M.J. go. Take me instead.
Dave: (on phone) How does it feel, Mike, to know that you can't save the people that you love? Hopeless? Like your entire life has no meaning?
Mike: (on phone) Dave, please. I-I can't be that far behind you. I'm on Route 12.
Dave: (on phone) You're on Route 12?
Mike: (on phone) Yeah. Yeah, come on. You don't wanna hurt them. Let me be the one.
Dave: (on phone) You're right. You should be the one.
Mike: (on phone) So we've got a deal?
Dave: (on phone) If I see one cop car, they're both dead. 
Mike: (on phone) No cops. You just tell me where to meet you.
Dave: (on phone) Keep heading south. There's an abandoned gas station past the intersection of route 12 and Canterbury Road.
Susan: Canterbury Road? That's where we...
Dave: Yeah, it is.

Dave: Look familiar?
Susan: What are you gonna do to us? Why did you bring us here?
Dave: I thought it would be poetic.
Susan: Mike should be here any minute. Dave, please. Don't hurt Mike. It wasn't his fault.
Dave: No. It was your fault. But he wants to be the hero, so...get out.
Susan: I'm not leaving M.J.
Dave: M.J.'s coming. I need to set you up first. Get out. Now.

Susan: Try not to scare M.J. when you bring him here.
Dave: Actually, change of plans.
Susan: What?
Dave: M.J.'s staying with me. He and I are gonna pull into that intersection just as mike comes barreling down that road.
Susan: Oh, my god.
Dave: And you're gonna stay there and watch as Mike kills your child, just like you killed mine. I told you I was poetic.
Susan: Dave, please. Please. I cannot imagine the pain you went through, but you can't do this. You can't kill my little boy!
Dave: Shut up.
Susan: What if your daughter could see you now? Is this how you'd want her to see you? As a monster who could murder an innocent child?
Dave: I'm not a monster.
Susan: Dave! Dave!
Dave: You don't need that. You're a big boy now.
Susan: Mike! Mike! Mike! Stop! No! M.J.! M.J.!
M.J.: Mama!
Susan: Oh, god! Are you okay?
M.J.: Dave told me to get out of the car.
Susan: Mike. Mike!
M.J.: Daddy!
------------------------------------------------------------
[Dave’s imagination]
Lila: So what do you say we all go out for ice cream?
Dave: Oh, I'd love to, but I brought work home.
Lila: Again?
Dave: I know. I'm so boring. Hey, why don't you two go?
Lila: Oh, fine. I'll take her now. Come on, sweetie.
Dave: Wait. Don't go. We have marshmallows and chocolate. I can make s'mores. Would you like that, my little princess?
Paige: Yeah!
Dave: Yeah.
Lila: You sure? You said you had work.
Dave: It can wait. I always have time for my girls. I always have time for my girls.
[Boston Ridgegate Mental Hospital] 
------------------------------------------------------------
[Church - Two months later]
Mary Alice Voiceover: There was a wedding recently at Fairview Presbyterian church. The minister spoke about the nature of marriage...the sublime joy of giving birth...the immense pleasure of raising a family...the importance of fidelity...and then he said what all ministers say to conclude such matters...
Minister: You may now kiss the bride. 
Mary Alice Voiceover:…For a moment, the groom wondered if he was doing the right thing. That's when the bells began to ring, telling him he had.
~The End~


