Desperate Housewives 
3X13: Come Play Wiz Me
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Mary Alice Voiceover:Previously on Desperate housewives...
Mary Alice Voiceover:While Ian's wife Jane was in a coma...
Ian:Do we have a deal?
Mary Alice Voiceover:...Susan got an ultimatum.
Susan:He's not crazy about me spending time with my ex.
Mary Alice Voiceover:Mike's new hero...
Mike:I owe you one.
Guard:After those mutts knocked you around the other day,your boy paid 'em off.
Mary Alice Voiceover:...had a secret agenda.
Zach:Gabrielle.
Mary Alice Voiceover:Gabrielle learned the identity...
Zach:I'm rich now.I can give you anything you want.
Mary Alice Voiceover:...of her secret admirer.
Alma:Tell me everything.
Mary Alice Voiceover:And Orson's mother shared some family secrets...that Bree...would later discover.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Bree's house]
(Orson Hodge stands in front of his mirror, looking at his teeth.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:If there was one thing Orson Hodge understood, it was teeth. That's why people stopped him at barbecues...during cocktail parties...and in the occasional men's room. Yes, when it came to teeth, people expected Dr. Hodge to have all the answers. Sadly for Orson, this was not always the case.
(Bree comes into the bathroom and shows Orson the bloody teeth that she had found in Alma's house.)
Orson:Well, it does look a little fishy.
Bree:Fishy? It couldn't be more obvious. Alma killed Monique. That's why she disappeared. And I bet she pulled the teeth so people would suspect her dentist husband.
Orson:Why would she keep them?
Bree:Who knows? She's probably gonna sneak in and plant them in our house.
Orson:Well, we've saved for the trouble, haven't we? Is it a full set?
(He takes the velvet bag.The teeth were in and pours it out onto the bed.)
Bree:Orson! Not on the duvet!
Orson:Oh, it's okay. They won't stain.
Bree:I don't care!I am not sleeping in a bed that had your dead mistress' teeth in it!Let's just take them to the police.
Orson:And say what? We can't prove these came from Alma's. She'll deny ever having seen them. And don't forget, I'm the one they suspect.
Bree:Well, we have to do something.
Orson:I agree, but not until we put them back in her house. And then we'll call the police. Trust me, she'll never get away with it.
(Bree leaves the room and Orson picks up the phone and dials a number. On the other end, Gloria,his mother, picks up.)
Gloria:Hello.
Orson:You've been very naughty, haven't you?
Gloria:Orson? Is that you?
Orson:I know what you and Alma are up to, and it's gonna stop.
Mary Alice Voiceover:Yes, Orson was an expert on teeth.
Gloria:I have no idea what you're talking about.
Orson:Oh, I think you do.
Mary Alice Voiceover:That's how he could tell when people were lying through them.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Opening Credits 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Hospital]
(A bleeding man is being wheeled quickly through the hospital.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:It can happen so quickly. In the moment it takes a gunman's bullet to enter his victim's leg...in the time it takes to tell a wife her husband won't be home for dinner...in the instant it takes a father to meet his son for the very first time...yes, life as we know it can change...in a heartbeat.
[Jane's hospital room]
(As Jane, Ian's wife, lies in her coma, her heart rate monitor speeds up and a doctor and nurse come over to look down at her.)
Doctor:Jane's still running a fever.
Nurse:Yes,and she hasn't responded to any of the meds that we've tried.Do you think we should call her husband?
Doctor:Uh, not just yet. Let's try vancomycin. It worked for her before. I don't want Ian to worry.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Prison]
(Ian and Susan introduce Mike to his new lawyer.)
Susan:This is your new lawyer, Alan Marcus. Alan, this is Mike Delfino.
Alan:Hey, Mike. Sorry I couldn't start on your case sooner. I was wrapping up an armed robbery trial.
Mike:It's nice to finally meet you. And you must be Ian. I can't thank you enough for helping me out here.
(Ian puts his arm around Susan.)
Ian:Susan and I are happy to be of assistance.
Alan:So, should we get started?
Mike:Sure.
Alan:So, Mike, I've had a chance to review all the evidence against you, and I've got a strategy to ensure your case never goes to trial.
Susan:Don't you love this guy? What's the strategy?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Susan's house]
(Susan and Ian are in the kitchen.)
Susan:Pleading guilty? What kind of a strategy is that?
Ian:He'd only be pleading to manslaughter.
Susan:That's still ten years in prison.
Ian:Well, which is better than life. And that's what Mike's risking if he goes to trial. With good behavior, he could be out in five.

Susan:With a better lawyer,he could be out in zero.We need to find a lawyer who believes that he's innocent.
Ian:Well,the evidence against him is very compelling.You're letting your feelings for him cloud your judgment.
Susan:My feelings for him? Are we gonna do this again?
Ian:Do you realize that every conversation we have winds up being about Mike? Who's the best lawyer for Mike? How can we get Mike acquitted?
Susan:I have told you I love you a thousand times. Where is all this jealousy coming from?
Ian:Do you know what? I have to catch that plane to Montreal.
Susan:What? No, Ian, we have to talk about this.
Ian:I can't be late. It's business. Look, I have provided Mike with the best lawyer I know. If you want to get someone else, then you're on your own.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette's house]
(Lynette is tucking in her shirt when Parker walks in.)
Parker:Whatcha doing?
Lynette:Oh, deciding what to wear on my first day back to work. Do I look fat in this?
Parker:I think you look good in everything.
Lynette:Wow. Your father has taught you well.
Parker:What about the street fair? If you're going back to work, who's gonna take me?
Lynette:Mrs. McCluskey. Won't that be fun?
Parker:No. Do you have to go back to work?
Lynette:Come on. You and your brothers will be thrilled. Don't you get tired of me yelling at you to clean up your room and finish your homework?
Parker:Yeah, but you've been a lot nicer since you got shot.
Lynette:Oh. Well, that's good to know. When you think about it, me going back to work is not that big a deal. We're only losing a little time together in the afternoon.
Parker:But every hour counts. I miss you all day long.
Lynette:Oh,honey...jeez.Do you really mean that,or are you manipulating Mommy into feeling incredibly guilty?
Parker:A little bit of both.
Lynette:Yep. Your father's taught you well.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Beauty Pageant]
(Gabrielle and Vern are sitting in the audience of the Little Miss Snowflake Pageant, waiting for the winners to be announced.)
Vern:The suspense is killing me.
Gabrielle:Shh! Here it comes.
Announcer:And now the moment we've all been waiting for...the winner of this year's Little Miss Snowflake pageant is...Sherri Maltby!
(Gabrielle and Vern jump to their feet, applauding.)
Vern:I'm in shock.
Gabrielle:I mean, I knew she had a shot at the top five, but to actually win?
Vern:I was sure she'd lose to that little blonde bi*ch who sang that patriotic medley.
Gabrielle:I know. She practically had sparklers coming out of her ass.
Vern:Totally shameless.
(He walks over to Sherri and helps her off the stage.)
Vern:Okay, hon, let's go meet those reporters. What are you gonna tell 'em?
Sherri:I owe it all to Beauty by Vern.
Vern:Atta, girl.
(Gabrielle starts to follow them, but she's tapped on the shoulder. When she turns around, Zach Young is there.)
Gabrielle:Oh, Zach. What are you doing here?
Zach:I came to support you.
Gabrielle:Oh. Okay, why don't you support me from the lobby? I have some networking to do. My girl just won the pageant.
Zach:Oh, yeah, I know, and you're welcome.
Gabrielle:What did you do?
Zach:Don't worry. I paid the judges in cash. There's no paper trail.
Gabrielle:You bribed the judges?
Zach:Gabrielle, why are we fighting? We should be celebrating. I got a limo outside, a bottle of Chilled Cristal. Come on. Let's go. Let's party.
Gabrielle:Listen to me, you pimply psychopath. You and I are never going to party. In fact, the only reason we're ever gonna be in the same room again is if you strangle a cheerleader and I wind up on the jury!
Zach:God, I love it when we banter.
(Gabrielle leaves.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Alma's house - nighttime]
(Alma steps onto her porch from the sidewalk and sees that her front door is cracked open. She goes inside and finds Orson sitting on a chair in her living room.)
Orson:Hello, Alma.
Alma:Orson.
Orson:Uh, I let myself in. I hope you don't mind.
Alma:Not at all. You seem very cheerful.
Orson:Oh, I am, 'cause the game's over, and you lost.
Alma:I told you what I'd do if you pushed me away.
Orson:Well, I'm afraid that threat no longer has any teeth in it.
Alma:Yes, your mother told me about Bree's little discovery. What'd you do with Monique's teeth?
Orson:Well,maybe I threw them away.Maybe I hid them here.You might find them,if the police don't find them first.
Alma:I don't think you'll bring the police into this.
Orson:Well, neither will you now. We're done. Why don't you do us all a favor and go away?
Alma:You shouldn't treat me this way.
Orson:Don't bother crying.Tears might've worked when we were married,after you lost the baby.They won't work now.
Alma:We should have kept trying. If we'd had a child, we'd still be together.
Orson:I know. That's why I stopped trying. Good-bye, Alma.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette's house]
(Lynette is dressed for work and in the kitchen when Tom comes downstairs.)
Tom:Well, here's some sucky news...Ken just quit.
Lynette:Your new manager? No.
Tom:Yeah, so I'm screwed. I'm gonna have to drop out of the street fair.
Lynette:Tom, no. You can't. You can't. The pizzeria opens in a week, and that street fair is the best advertising we're gonna get.
Tom:I know, but I can't work it alone.
Lynette:Well, you know, hire someone else.
Tom:Well, there's no time for that.
Lynette:The future of the restaurant is at stake. It is time to get creative.
Tom:Well, I do have one option, but it would require some sacrifice.
Lynette:Well, whatever it is gonna take.
Tom:You could help me.
Lynette:What?! No.Uh-Uh.Look,I'm wearing makeup.I am holding a briefcase.What does this suggest to you?
Tom:You could call in sick.
Lynette:I can't call in sick after eight weeks of sick leave, especially when I've been fine for three of them.
(Outside, a car horn honks.)
Lynette:Crap, that's Ed.
Tom:Lynette? Lynette, please? You're the one who said that we need the street fair.
Lynette:My boss is waiting for me outside in his car. What am I supposed to do?
Tom:It's time to get creative.
(Outside, Ed and another employee lean against their car. Lynette comes outside, wearing the arm sling and looking exhausted.)
Ed:There she is.
Lynette:Hey, guys.
Ed:Boy, didn't expect you to still be wearing a sling.
Lynette:Yeah...it heals a little slower when the bullet's still in there.
Ed:They couldn't get it out?
Lynette:No, it's too close.
Employee:To what?
Lynette:Everything.
Ed:God, I'm so sorry. Hey, you got a little cereal right...
(Ed leans over and points to the little bit of cereal by Lynette's mouth.)
Lynette:Cereal? I didn't have any...oh, I know what that is. I get nauseous from the pain, So that's just a little residual vomit.
Ed:Lynette, you sure you're ready to come back to work?
Lynette:Yeah! Don't be silly. I'm fine. Come on. Let's go sell some toothpaste.
Ed:All righty!
Employee:Let's go.
(Ed takes her arm to help her into the car and Lynette shrieks.)
Lynette:Oh, son of a bi*ch!
Ed:I'm sorry!
Lynette:Don't touch me, okay?
Ed:Anything we can do?
Lynette:My pills! My pain pills are in my bag.
(He gets out the pills.)
Lynette:Thanks.
(She drops the pills onto the ground after he shakes some into her hand.)
Lynette:Oh, my pills! I need my pills, and now they're all dirty!
(Later, Lynette is standing on the sidewalk as Ed and the other employee drives away.)
Lynette:See ya next week! Thanks for understanding!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Prison]
(Paul is reading a book at a table. Mike comes over and sits down next to him.)
Mike:Hey. Looks like an interesting book. What's it about?
(He knocks the book to the floor.)
Mike:Nevermind. I'll wait for the movie.
Paul:What's eating you?
Mike:Those two guys you saved me from? I know you paid 'em to attack me.
Paul:That's a lie.
(Mike slams Paul up against the wall.)
Mike:You wanna take a minute to reconsider that?
Paul:Okay. Okay. I needed a favor, and I wanted you to owe me.
Mike:What favor?
Paul:You sure you want to get into this now?
Mike:Yeah.
Paul:Okay. You remember my son Zach?
Mike:Vaguely. Why?
Paul:Turns out you and I share more than a cellblock.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Outside Bree's house]
(Bree is watering her garden when Gloria comes over.)
Gloria:Hello, Bree. May I come in?
Bree:What's a garden without a snake?
Gloria:I realize I'm not your favorite person, but I thought you should know why Alma's moved here. She wants Orson back.
Bree:Thanks for the heads-up. Now off you go.
Gloria:Orson and I may have our spats,but I'm still deeply concerned about the state of his soul.Adultery is a sin.
Bree:I wouldn't worry about Orson's soul. He won't be sleeping with Alma.
Gloria:When I said adultery, I wasn't referring to Orson and Alma. I meant Orson and you.
Bree:Excuse me?
Gloria:Our church doesn't accept divorce. In the eyes of God, you're the other woman. I'm sure you don't see it that way, but Alma and I do. And Orson's beginning to.
Bree:Are those shoes suede?
Gloria:Yes. Why?
(Bree turns the hose onto Gloria's shoes.)
Bree:No reason.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Prison]
Mike:Why the hell didn't anybody tell me I had a son.
Paul:You'd just come out of a coma. They probably figured you had enough on your plate.
Mike:Well, why are you telling me now?
Paul:Zach and I haven't spoken in months. Every time I've tried to contact him, he won't return the calls.
Mike:I don't know what you expect me to do. I barely remember the kid.
Paul:Yes, but he remembers you, and I think if you reach out to him, he'll talk to you. Zach is all I have left in the world. Through everything that's happened, I've never stopped loving him. Can you please get him to come down here and see me?
Mike:That's one hell of a favor. Man, you got some nerve.
Paul:I know. It's kind of what got me in here.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Outside Gabrielle's house]
(A floral delivery truck is parked outside of Gabrielle's house and a delivery man carries flowers up to Gabrielle's door. Lynette and Susan watch from across the street.)
Susan:Is it Gaby's birthday?
Lynette:No, they're probably from Zach Young.
Susan:What?
Lynette:You haven't heard? He has been begging Gaby to go on a date with him. He's been sending her all sorts of stuff to bribe her, even a diamond bracelet.
Susan:Zach Young? Our Zach Young? How does he afford diamonds?
Lynette:His grandfather left him all that money.
Susan:Yeah, I thought it was in a trust, and he couldn't touch it.
Lynette:Until he turned eighteen, which was a month ago.
Susan:Wow. So Zach Young is loaded, huh?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Gabrielle's house]
(Susan is talking with Gabrielle.)
Gabrielle:No. Absolutely not.
Susan:Oh, come on. Mike needs a great lawyer. Zach can afford a great lawyer.
Gabrielle:I don't care. I'm not going out with Zach Young!
Susan:It's one little date.
Gabrielle:You wouldn't even let your own daughter go out with him. You said he was a psycho.
Susan:He's matured... to the tune of a billion dollars. Please do this...for Mike.
Gabrielle:Susan, do you know what your obsession with Mike has cost you? First you piss off Bree and then Ian, and now you're pimping me out to a teenager!
Susan:Okay, I deserve the pimping remark, but let's not pretend that, you know, we're above teenagers. Gaby, you're all I've got.
Gabrielle:Oh, fine, I'll do it.
Susan:Thank you! This is a noble thing you're doing.
Gabrielle:How can you be so sure Zach's gonna go along with this?
Susan:Oh, 'cause he's a great kid, and he's gonna want to help Mike...and you're not gonna be wearing a bra when you ask him out.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Zach's house]
(Zach is in a recording studio in his house, performing with his band when Gabrielle walks in.)
Zach:Can you guys just take five, please? Gabrielle, what are you doing here?
Gabrielle:Wow, you have your own recording studio in your house?
Zach:Yeah, I needed a place to lay some tracks with my band. You, um, you see that guy? He used to tour with the Doobie Brothers. How wild is that?
Gabrielle:Gee, well...not as wild as what I'm about to say. You can take me to dinner.
Zach:Seriously? Awesome!
Gabrielle:Yeah, here's how it's gonna work. We drive to the restaurant separately, we will not have dessert, and under no circumstances will you touch me. Capisce?
Zach:Okay.
Gabrielle:Great. In order for this magical night to occur, you're gonna need to help Mike Delfino.
Zach:Mike? What happened?
Gabrielle:He's in jail...for murder. But Susan swears he's innocent, and she wants you to get him a good lawyer. All right, we have a deal?
Zach:No.
Gabrielle:No?
Zach:Oh, I would love to help Mike. It's just that, if I'm paying for a lawyer, you know, I would like to have more than just one meal with you. I'd like to have a whole day.
Gabrielle:A whole day?
Zach:Yeah. Here's how it's gonna work. It's gonna be three meals with dessert, Activities of my choosing and, uh...a good night kiss. Now do we...do we have a deal?
Gabrielle:Not quite. The day starts with lunch, and that kiss, off the table.
Zach:Did they set bail for Mike? You know, 'cause I could throw that in, too.
Gabrielle:One million dollars.
Zach:It's no biggie. One call to my accountant, and Mike's a free man. Or do you want to tell Susan that Mike's gonna stay in jail because you wouldn't kiss me?
Gabrielle:Okay, deal, you little skunk.
(She leaves.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Street Fair]
(Lynette and Tom are serving pizza to people at their booth.)
Lynette:Here you go. You can come back for seconds. Our famous pepperoni pizza.
Tom:Here's another canadian bacon.
Lynette:There you go. Great. Guess what? Our line is the biggest one at the fair. I counted. You know what I'm starting to think?
Tom:What?
Lynette:This restaurant is gonna be a big, fat hit.
(She gives out more pizza to a customer.)
Lynette:Here you go.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette's house]
(Mrs. McCluskey is sitting on the couch next to Kayla, who's drawing on a teddy bear.)
Ms. McCluskey:Can I talk to you about something? I think you hurt Lynette's feelings when you refused to go to the street fair with her. She's gonna start to think you don't like her. You don't want that, do you?
(The doorbell rings.)
Kayla:Doorbell.
(Mrs. McCluskey goes to the door, muttering under her breath.)
Ms. McCluskey:Some of 'em should be left on a hillside to rot.
(She opens the door and Ed is there.)
Ed:Hi.
Ms. McCluskey:Hi.
Ed:I'm Ed Ferrara, Lynette's boss. Is she around?
Ms. McCluskey:Uh, well, actually, she's at the, uh, the, uh, doctor's.
Ed:Oh. Yeah. Well, could you give her this?
Ms. McCluskey:Sure.
Ed:And tell her to get well. And she doesn't need to come back to work till she's good and ready.
Ms. McCluskey:I will make sure she gets this.
Ed:Okay.
(She closes the door. Kayla sneaks out the back door and runs over to Ed, who's returning to his car.)
Kayla:Excuse me. Mister? I just wanted to tell you our babysitter gets mixed up sometimes. Lynette's not at the doctor's.
Ed:She's not?
Kayla:Nope.
Ed:Well, where is she?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Street Fair]
(Lynette shows up at the booth with an empty tray.)
Lynette:Load me up again, would ya?
Tom:Yeah?
Lynette:I'm gonna go poach some customers from that sausage-on-a-stick guy. Oh, I love it. Scavo's Pizzeria! Try the smoked chicken and sundried tomato.
Customer:Mmm! This crust is fantastic!
Lynette:It's cornmeal.That's the secret.
(She bumps into Ed.)
Ed:It's not your only secret, is it, Lynette?
Lynette:Hi...Ed.
Ed:How's the arm?
Lynette:Uh, on the mend, but I'm gonna be there bright and early Monday morning.
Ed: Don't bother. You're fired.
Lynette:Wait, Ed! Ed, please don't go. Yes, I lied, and that was wrong, but my husband needed my help.
Ed:I need your help. You've been gone eight weeks, with pay, while the company's been falling apart. And now you pull this on me?
Lynette:Like I said, really, really wrong, but if you take me back, I swear I will give you one hundred percent.
Ed:So...if we have to work late, you're gonna do it. If I ask you to miss your kid's baseball game, you're gonna say, "No problem, Ed"?
Lynette:You got it, Ed.
Ed:Good. I'll see you Monday.
(He disappears in the crowd. Lynette turns around and sees Parker standing there. He turns away.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Susan's house]
(Susan is on the phone.)
Ian:Hi. It's me. Um, listen, we have to talk.
Susan:Ian, I'm sorry, too. We've got to stop fighting like this.
Ian:Susan, um, Jane's doctor called me. She's taken a bad turn.
Susan:Oh. Ian...
Ian:I'm, uh, I'm on the next flight out, but it's not for a few hours, and Jane's parents are in Rome. Would, uh, would you go to the hospital for me?
Susan:The hospital?
Ian:Well, I know it's a lot to ask, but if something should happen, I...well, I don't want her to be alone.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Outside Gabrielle's house - nighttime]
(Gabrielle and Zach step out of a limo and head slowly towards her front porch.)
Gabrielle:Oh, I'm stuffed. I can't believe you talked me into that crème brûlée.
Zach:Oh, don't feel guilty. I'm sure we burned it off on the dance floor.
Gabrielle:I know! You're such a good dancer! Where'd you learn how to salsa?
Zach:I've been taking lessons 'cause I knew it was your favorite.
Gabrielle:When did I say that?
Zach:Cosmo, ninety-eight. And I knew you liked that Merlot from your Vogue interview.
Gabrielle:You researched me? That's sweet! In a, uh, stalkery kind of way. Thanks again for a surprisingly enjoyable night. See you around.
(She turns to unlock her front door.)
Zach:Uh... Gaby?
Gabrielle:Right, the kiss. Sorry. I didn't mean to welsh on ya. All right. Pucker up.
(She closes her eyes and puckers her lips. Zach opens his mouth wide and covers her mouth with his.)
(For several seconds, he hangs on while she tries to push him away.)
Gabrielle:What the hell are you doing?!
Zach:But you said I could kiss you.
Gabrielle:Yes, my lips, not my esophagus!
Zach:For your information, I have been told that I'm a very good kisser, all right?
Gabrielle:By who? The same girl that taught you to use your tongue like a windshield wiper?
Zach:No, by women,women with lots of experience,and every single one of them said that I was a great kisser.
Gabrielle:How much did you pay them to say that?
(Zach doesn't say anything.)
Gabrielle:No! You've paid women for...
Zach:It's none of your business, all right? It's none of your business.
Gabrielle:Uh, yes, it is. You just vacuumed my tonsils. I deserve to know where that mouth has been.
Zach:You know what? I'm sorry. I gotta go.
Gabrielle:Wait, Zach. Zach, I'm not mad!
(He gets into the limo and it drives off.)
Gabrielle:Okay, I'm just a little...grossed out, that's all!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Hospital]
(Susan walks towards Jane's hospital room. A woman, Erika, is in there yelling at a man who's leaving.)
Erika:No, you heard me.You heard me,all right?Read my lips.Just go,all right?Go!You've got no right to be here!
Man:All right!
(Susan reaches the room.)
Erika:What, another one? You organ donor people are vultures.
Susan:Um, no, actually, I'm a friend of Ian's. He asked me to come...for Jane.
Erika:Oh, you...you're the girlfriend. All right, that's okay then. Come on in.
(Later, the two of them are sitting in Jane's room, watching her.)
Susan:So, Erika, you were fighting with that guy when I came in. Have you had a lot of those organ donor people around today?
Erika:Oh, that wasn't about that. No, that was Ted. What, Ian never told you about Jane and Ted?
Susan:No. What about them?
Erika:Nothing. Forget I mentioned it. It is not my place.
Susan:What?
Erika:They had an affair.
Susan:Jane cheated on Ian? When was this?
Erika:I hate to dish my best friend on her death bed...but gossip was the foundation of our relationship, so...it was five years ago. Ian was traveling a lot on business, Jane was lonely, and along came Ted.
Susan:I'm just stunned. So I guess they worked it out, right?
Erika:Well, Ian took her back. But if you're asking, did he ever really trust her again? I don't think so.
Susan:Poor Ian.
Erika:You don't know the half of it. I mean, to be betrayed by somebody you loved that much...you're just never the same.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Scavo Pizzaria]
(Lynette walks into the pizzaria.)
Tom:Hey. What are you doing here?
Lynette:Um, word on the street is you're looking for a manager.
Tom:Yeah.
Lynette:Here's my application.
Tom:I thought Ed took you back.
Lynette:He did. I told him I wasn't interested.
Tom:What? You're quitting?
Lynette:I had so much fun at the fair today, working with you on something that was all ours. I want every day to be like that.
Tom:Honey, so do I. Are you sure? I mean, your career's always meant so much to you.
Lynette:When I got shot and I was lying there bleeding, I wasn't thinking "God, I'm really gonna miss advertising." I think this could be the best thing that's ever happened to our family. We can make our own hours, we'll be together more, and, yes, the money is gonna be a little tight, but I think this place could be a gold mine.
Tom:In that case, you're hired. You do, of course, realize you have to sleep with the boss.
Lynette:I can do that.
Tom:Good.
(They kiss. Lynette's hands travel down to Tom's butt.)
Tom:Wow. It's a little soon to be gunning for a promotion.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Bree's house]
(Orson walks into the kitchen where Andrew is sitting at the computer.)
Orson:Your mother not home yet?
Andrew:Uh, I haven't seen her.
(The phone rings and Orson picks it up.)
Orson:Hello? What is it now? Alma did what?! No, no. I'll be right over.
(He leaves.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Alma's house]
(Alma is lying on the bed, sleeping, her wrists bandaged as blood seeps through. Orson and Gloria stand by the bed.)
Orson:Wait, wait, what...what did Alma do?
Gloria:I just thank the Lord I got here when I did.
Orson:But why didn't you call an ambulance?
Gloria:I thought it best for all concerned to keep this quiet. By the way, she left a note.
(Later, Orson reads the note while sitting in a chair by the bed.)
Orson:She only did this to upset me. She knows my history. She knows exactly what buttons to push.
Gloria:Orson, calm down. Here.
(She hands him a drink.)
Orson:Our marriage is over. I will not submit to emotional blackmail.
(He gets up from his chair and stumbles, sinking back down.)
Gloria:Are you all right?
Orson:I feel dizzy.
(He tries getting up again.)
Gloria:Then perhaps you should just...sit.
(He sits down.)
Orson:My God. Did you poison me?
Gloria:And kill my only child? You see how he talks to me?
(Alma sits up in bed.)
Alma:It's my fault. I upset him. Sorry about all this. I just needed to get your attention.
Orson:Why? What do you want?
Gloria:What every mother wants, dear...a grandchild.
(Alma gets out of bed and removes her robe to reveal the lacy red lingerie she's wearing.)
(Later, she and Gloria have transferred Orson to the bed, where he lies, drugged.)
Gloria:Well, well, why don't I give you two some privacy?
Alma:Thank you, mother Hodge.
(Gloria leaves and Alma pushes Orson back as he struggles to sit up.)
Alma:You mustn't struggle. I want this baby to be born of love. I've been injecting myself with hormones to improve our chances. You wait and see. This is gonna fix everything.
Orson:You're crazy.
Alma:Crazy for you, mister!
Orson:I won't. You can't make me.
Alma:Yes, I can. That drink had two kinds of pills in it. One to put you to sleep, and one to keep the part of you I need nice and perky. Now...how about a little music?
(She takes a remote by the bed and pushes a button and music fills the room. Alma sings along.)
Alma:We're all alone, no chaperone can get our number...the world's in slumber, let's misbehave...
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Jane's hospital room]
(Susan comes into the room with two cups of coffee. Erika pushes past her to leave.)
Erika:The doctor was just here. He said her blood pressure's dropping. She could go anytime. I gotta go call her parents.
(Susan's cell phone rings. She picks it up.)
Susan:Hi.
Ian:It's me. We just took off. I'll be there in about six hours.
Susan:Uh, sweetie...I don't think she's gonna make it that long.
Ian:Don't tell me that.
Susan:You've done everything you could. She knows that you love her.
Ian:Well, it's just there's...there's things I've got to say to her. I've carried around so much anger about something that doesn't mean anything now, And I... I need her to know that.
Susan:I'm gonna put the phone up to Jane's ear, and you can tell her whatever you need to, okay?
Ian:Okay.
(She puts the phone by Jane's ear. Ian begins to talk.)
Ian:Hello, Jane, darling. It's Ian. I never imagined I'd have to say goodbye to you like this. There's so much I want to say...
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Zach's house]
(Zach is sitting alone in his recording studio, playing his guitar. Gabrielle walks in.)
Gabrielle:You play that pretty well.
Zach:What are you doing here?
Gabrielle:I had a good time tonight, but I hated the way it ended.
Zach:Yeah, me, too. Gaby...about those women...
Gabrielle:Forget about it.Give a horny kid a couple million bucks and the yellow pages,and stuff is gonna happen.
Zach:It's not just them. I...I'm paying everyone that I know. Those guys in my band, they're not my friends. I'm hiring them to hang out with me.
Gabrielle:So stop doing it. Stop buying people.
Zach:Yeah, right, and then I'd have no one at all.
Gabrielle:That's not true.You'd have me.As a friend.A friend friend.Not a girlfriend. really cannot overstress that.
Zach:Come on. Why do you wanna be my friend? We have zero in common.
Gabrielle:I don't know. Maybe it's because I think we're both... adrift. It'd just be nice to have a pal who gets what I'm going through. Why don't you play me something you wrote?
Zach:Yeah? Okay. Can I sing, too?
Gabrielle:Sure. Why not?
Zach:All right.
(He starts to play his guitar and sing.)
Zach:Gaby, sweet Gaby...
(Gabrielle stops him.)
Gabrielle:Wow. Why don't you just hum it, okay?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Bree's house]
(Bree walks in the house to find Andrew watching TV while eating from a bag of potato chips.)
Bree:Hi. Sorry. My book club ran late. Didn't Orson make you dinner?
Andrew:Oh, no. He's been over at Alma's. He's been there for a few hours now.
(Bree goes over the window and looks across the street. Alma's house is dark except for the upstairs bedroom which has a light on.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Alma's house]
(Bree storms into Alma's bedroom where Alma is lying cuddled up against Orson's unconscious body. Alma jumps up and grabs a robe to cover herself.)
Bree:What the hell is this?!
Alma:Oh, Bree. I'm so so sorry you had to find out this way.
Bree:Not as sorry as you are gonna be! Orson, get up!
Alma:Leave him alone. He wants to be with me now.
Bree:Orson, I have caught you cheating. At least have the courtesy to wake up! Oh, for God sakes. Orson! Orson? What have you done to him?!
Alma:Nothing. You know men. The minute it's over...wham, off to dreamland.
Bree:He's not sleeping. He's out cold.
(She opens the nightstand drawer and pulls out two bottles of pills.)
Bree:Oh, I knew it. These are sleeping pills, and these are...oh, my God. You raped my husband!
Alma:We made love, and when our baby's born, he's gonna come back to me.
Bree:Baby?!
Alma:It's true. I could be expecting right now.
Bree:Were you expecting this?
(She punches Alma, then goes over the bedside phone and dials a number.)
Bree:Andrew, I need you to come over here right away...and, um...bring the wheelbarrow.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Outside Mike's house]
(Zach is wearing a suit and standing on Mike's front porch when Mike drives up in his truck. Mike gets out of the truck and walks up to Zach.)
Zach:Hi. Do...do you remember me?
Mike:No. No, not really. But I know who you are.
Zach:Okay. Good. 
Mike:What you did, I'm, um...really grateful.
Zach:It's cool. So if you need anything else, I guess...just let me know.
Mike:Well, I do need something. But it's not for me.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Prison]
(Zach, still in his suit, is visiting Paul in prison.)
Paul:So how you doing? You look terrific, really mature. Your mother would be proud.
Zach:Thanks.
Paul:I've, uh, really missed you a lot, and I'm sorry for, uh...for everything. I hope you can forgive me. I want us to be friends.
Zach:And that's the only reason you wanted to see me, right? So we could be friends?
Paul:Yes.
Zach:Okay. That's great. That's fine.
Paul:Well, there is one other thing.
Zach:Oh.
Paul:Yeah. It's just...Felicia Tillman faked her death. She's still out there. You and I, we both know that. If you gave, or lent me some money, I could hire someone to track her down, and then I could get out of here, and you and I could pick up where we left off.
Zach:Okay...you asked me how I was doing. I'm actually doing great. I've got the hottest, most amazing girlfriend in the entire world, and I am gonna marry that woman. I'm gonna buy her everything she wants. So...I have got to learn to say no when people ask me for money, Because I got a future wife to think about. She's got really expensive taste. I mean, I do forgive you, though...Paul.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Outside Susan's house]
(Susan is standing on the sidewalk, looking down the street when Mike walks over to her.)
Mike:Hey, Susan.
Susan:Hey. You're back.
Mike:Yeah, Zach Young posted my bail, but I'm guessing you had something to do with it.
Susan:Maybe a little.
Mike:Is there any way that I can thank you, you know, for everything you've done?
Susan:Actually, yeah, there is.
Mike:Good. Good. Just tell me.
Susan:I can't see you anymore. I want you to understand it doesn't have anything to do with you. It's just...
Mike:That's okay.
Susan:It's not...
Mike:I think I get it.
(Down the street, a limo turns the corner and heads towards where Susan is.)
Mike:Well, I, uh, I should probably go. Bye.
Susan:Good luck with everything.
Mike:Good luck to you and Ian.
(The limo pulls up and Ian gets out. He stares at Susan for a few seconds, then kisses her passionately. She kisses him back, then hugs him. From across the street, Mike watches them.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:Yes, it can happen so quickly. Life as we know it can change in the blink of an eye.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Zach's house]
Mary Alice Voiceover:Unlikely friendships can blossom...
(Zach receives flowers from Gabrielle.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette's house]
Mary Alice Voiceover:Important careers can be tossed aside...
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Outside Mike's house]
(On the porch, Mike opens up a bottle of beer and clinks his bottle against Carlos', who is sitting next to him, also drinking beer.)
Mary Alice Voiceover:A long-lost hope can be rekindled.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Hospital]
(A covered body is wheeled into an elevator. On the foot is a tag that reads "Jane Hainsworth".)
Mary Alice Voiceover:Still, we should be grateful for whatever changes life throws at us, because all too soon the day will come when there are no changes left.
(The elevator door closes.)
~ The End ~


