Desperate Housewives
4X11 Sunday
------------------------------------------------------------
Mary Alice Voiceover: Previously on “Desperate Housewives”…
Mary Alice Voiceover: Bree moved in...
Susan: You can stay as long as you want. 
Mary Alice Voiceover: Mike went to rehab...
Mike: I will fix this.
Mary Alice Voiceover: Carlos faced a permanent illness...
Dr. Dunlap: She's not gonna leave you because you lost your sight.
Carlos: You don't know Gaby.
Mary Alice Voiceover: Dylan had questions about her father...
Katherine: The only thing you need to know about that man is he was a monster. 
Dylan: Why would you not tell me that?
Mary Alice Voiceover: And Adam uncovered a secret...
Adam: You told me it was all his fault. Now I find out it was yours.
Mary Alice Voiceover:…that one person wished he hadn't.
------------------------------------------------------------
Mary Alice Voiceover: Katherine Mayfair was not the kind of woman who liked to relive the past. But when her husband Adam left her, Katherine's life began to unravel, and the mistakes of her youth started to flash through her mind. She thought of Wayne Davis, the first man she married...and the first time he had hit her. She thought of how sincerely he apologized...and how meaningless his apologies were...and how she finally decided...to hit back. These were the thoughts going through Katherine's mind....when her friends and neighbors arrived...bearing gifts.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Katherine’s house]
Katherine: Well, hello there. What's all this?
Bree: We brought you muffins.
Susan: And jam.
Katherine: Okay, uh, what's the occasion?
Lynette: Well, we heard you were having a rough time.
Gabrielle: So we just wanted you to know that we're here for you.
Katherine: Ah, so word is out that Adam's left me, and you thought that muffins and jam would help me pick up the pieces.
Susan: The jam was Bree's idea.
Bree: Susan!
Susan: I wanted to bring flowers, and I was shot down. That's all I'm saying. 
Lynette: Katherine, we didn't come here to upset you.
Gabrielle: No, we thought that you just might need someone to talk to.
Katherine: No, you just thought you'd get the juicy details. 
Lynette: No, we came here. We wanted to help you, to fix you lunch or clean your house. Or offer up our own houses for you to clean, if that's your thing.
Katherine: I'm fine, truly, and I do appreciate your concern, but... you know...
Lynette: Okay.
Susan: I told them you weren't into jam.
Bree: Susan! (to Katherine) Look, I don't mean to pry, but given what I know about you and Adam, I'm surprised he was the one to do the leaving.
Katherine: Well, Bree, the truth is...I really don't want to talk about it.
Bree: I understand, but whatever you do, don't keep your feelings bottled up. You've got to let'em out.
Katherine: I'll do that.
------------------------------------------------------------
[In the wood]
Mary Alice Voiceover: Yes, Katherine Mayfair was not a woman who liked to relive the past. But lately, her life had begun to unravel. And she couldn't help thinking of all the mistakes she had made...and especially...the ones she had buried.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Opening Credits]
------------------------------------------------------------
Mary Alice Voiceover: It happened once a week on Wisteria Lane like clockwork. The faithful would emerge from their homes in their Sunday best...with their family bibles...and their rosary beads...and they would head off to their various houses of worship, passing by a certain nonbeliever who had never taken an interest in their ritual.
But on this day, Lynette Scavo, for the first time in her life, was struck by something...
[Lynette’s house]
Twin: Get the ball.
Mary Alice Voiceover: …something she would later think of as divine inspiration.
Lynette: We should go to church.
Tom: What? Why? What did we do?
Lynette: Ah, it's just...We've been through a lot lately, and we have a lot to be thankful for. Don't you think we owe the big guy a little face time?
Tom: Fine, fine. We'll go to church...next week.
Lynette: Tom...I'm serious. 
Tom: What's the rush? God will still be there next Sunday. The Pistons, on the other hand...They lose today, they're gone for good. 
Lynette: So I'm clear, you can't be bothered with saving your eternal soul because the pistons have no defense?
Tom: Okay, look. You didn't grow up going to church. I did. My parents dragged me to St. Anthony's every Sunday. I've done my time.
Lynette: Well, I haven't. I have some questions I would like answered. And I don't know anything about god or Jesus, and our kids don't either. 
Tom: Well, you don't have to go to church to learn that stuff.
Twin: Yeah, I know about Jesus.
Tom: See?
Twin: He's the guy who helps out Santa Claus.
Tom: Get dressed, kids. We're going to church.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Outside Bree’s house]
Orson: Mm-hmm. right.
Bree: Orson, I don't want to be late.
Orson: Services don't start till 10:30. 
Bree: Yeah, but I'm sure Edna Fletcher has been there since 9:00, kissing up to Reverend Sykes.
Orson: Is this about the Ladies' Auxiliary again? 
Bree: Damn right.
Orson: Bree, please, such language on a Sunday.
Bree: I am sorry, but I have to make sure that he doesn't let her chair that committee. 
Orson: Well, how could he? You plan every pancake breakfast. You organize every bake sale. you'd be a saint if our church believed in that sort of hogwash.
Bree: Exactly, and all the while, where was Edna? Lounging around in Zimbabwe in the Peace Corps. She won't let any of us forget it. 
Orson: Well, I wouldn't worry. Edna's "curing the village of dysentery" story has long since lost its novelty.
Bree: Oh, Lynette. Hi. you look pretty. What are you all dressed up for?
Lynette: Well, I decided I should go to church today. Yeah, Tom said the same thing. Anyway, since you're the most religious person I know, I was wondering if you would take us to your church. 
Bree: I would love that. We're--we're leaving right now. you can follow us.
Lynette: Great! Just give me a second to sell Tom on the idea. You know, he was raised catholic. 
Bree: Oh, don't go catholic. All that standing and kneeling and genuflecting--I go for worship, not a workout.
Orson: Mm. not to mention the incense, which smells good at first until you feel your breakfast coming back up.
Lynette: Okay. Well, I'll be right back. Oh, this is so exciting. I'm going to church. By the way, what am I now?
Bree: Presbyterian.
Lynette: Right.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Church]
Father Crowley: Thank you. thank you for coming.
Gabrielle: Oh, shoot. Did I miss Mass? Was it at 9:00?
Father Crowley: Yes, Gabrielle. 9:00 Mass is still at 9:00.
Gabrielle: Oh, that's good to know. Uh, Father, can I talk to you?
Father Crowley: Of course. I've actually been expecting you to come by.
Gabrielle: Why?
Father Crowley: Well, I thought you might need some comforting after your husband's death.
Gabrielle: Oh, that. Yeah, I was a little blue, but the good news is, I've bounced back.
Father Crowley: Really?
Gabrielle: Okay, this may come as a little shock to you...But guess who's getting married again? And I was thinking, maybe you could perform the ceremony. Is Tuesday good for you?
Father Crowley: Uh...Victor's only been dead two weeks.
Gabrielle: Yeah, I know, but I'm no good single. Honestly, I don't know how you do it.
Father Crowley: Well, who is this man? Did you just meet him?
Gabrielle: No. no, no, no, no. it's Carlos.
Father Crowley: Carlos? I-I didn't know you two were even speaking.
Gabrielle: Oh, yeah. We bumped into each other a few months ago, and we just fell in love all over again.
Father Crowley: Uh, a few months ago? But you were married six months ago.
Gabrielle: Boy, you are just determined to make this awkward, aren't ya?
Father Crowley: Oh, Gabrielle.
Gabrielle: Okay, look, in the eyes of the church, Carlos and I were never divorced. Technically, the affair was with Victor, and god smote him. So we're good. All right, yes, I've been a bad catholic. Enough with the guilt thing. are you gonna marry us or not?
Father Crowley: Fine, as long as you promise to stay married to Carlos for the rest of your life.
Gabrielle: Absolutely. Oh, but if I don't, I promise you, I will change religions.
Father Crowley: Thank you.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Susan’s house]
Susan: Sorry. 
Tim: No, this is good. Accountants always appreciate it when people take the time to develop a sophisticated filing system.
Susan: Are you always this sarcastic with your clients?
Tim: Nope, just my favorite cousin.
Susan: I so appreciate you helping us out. Mike would be doing our taxes, but he's off...
Tim: Getting better. Mom told me. Besides, I'm happy to have the work.
Susan: Yeah, I was sorry to hear about your job. You know, ever since N.A.F.T.A., Corporate outsourcing has been the bane of the American worker. Is that right? I heard somebody say that on N.P.R., and I just keep repeating it to people.
Tim: Actually, I wish I could blame losing my job on N.A.F.T.A., but it really has more to do with Chloe. My boss' daughter.
Susan: Oh, Tim.
Tim: I don't know why he got so mad. I mean, she was 18.
Susan: Okay, so back to these receipts.
Tim: What is it about a girl in a cheerleader outfit?
Susan: Done catching up. all about accounting now.
Tim: Come on, Susan. you're acting like I'm some sort of creep. 
Susan: No, I know you're not.
Tim: I mean,18's legal. I checked with a lawyer before I did anything.
Susan: These receipts are self-explanatory. I'd even know why I'm here. 
------------------------------------------------------------
[Church]
Reverend Sikes: This is the nourishment each soul requires to go from acorn to oak. And this is what should bring us peace in our hearts--The blessed knowledge that god's love for us is as sure as the sunlight and that it is always shining. We only need see it. Amen? 
All: Amen.
Reverend Sikes: Now if you'll take out your hymnals and turn to page 335.
Bree: What are you doing? 
Lynette: I've got a question about his sermon.
Bree: What? No. put your hand down.
Lynette: It'll just take a sec. 
Bree: Lynette, please, we don't do that here.
Reverend Sikes: Uh, yes, can I help you?
Lynette: Hi. I'm Lynette Scavo. I'm a friend of Bree Hodge. And your sermon was lovely, especially the part about the trees.
Reverend Sikes: Thank you. 
Lynette: But here's where you lost me--"God's love is as sure as the sunlight."
Reverend Sikes: Yes, absolutely.
Bree: There. you have your answer. Now sit.
Lynette: The reason I ask is, there are wars all over the world, and it seems like every month, some dumb-ass walks into a school and starts shooting children. So I'm thinking, god's love? Not so sure.
Orson: Did she just say "dumb-ass"?
Reverend Sikes: Ah, the eternal question--"Why do bad things happen to good people?" What you have to remember is, god gave us free will. Much of the evil in the world is brought on by man himself.
Bree: Oh, lord.
Reverend Sikes: Yes, Lynette?
Lynette: Okay, I give you that one. But what about the tornado that just happened? You can't blame man for that.
Bree: Get the keys ready. We'll slip out the back.
Reverend Sikes: You bring up a big theological issue, one that deserves a lot more time to explore. Why don't you come to our Tuesday night Bible study? We can discuss it then.
Lynette: Well, sure. I'm easy. Thanks.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Susan’s house]
Susan: Katherine, Dylan, hi. What's up?
Dylan: Julie and I have a study date, and my mom wants to apologize for being rude...again.
Susan: Is this about the other day?
Katherine: Yes. you were just trying to help, and I shouldn't have reacted the way I did.
Susan: Oh, please. after what you've been through, no one is judging. Come on in. I'll put on some coffee. Oh, um, this is my cousin Tim. Tim, this is the neighbors.
Tim: Mrs. Davis?
Katherine: Davis? Nobody's called me that in years. Do we know each other?
Susan: Oh, of course you do. That's right! This is my cousin Timmy. He stayed with us that summer that he went to band camp.
Katherine: Oh! yes. I remember. Gosh, you're all grown up. It's nice to see you again.
Tim: You, too. Hold it. Is this little Dylan?
Katherine: Can you believe it?
Tim: Wow! The last time I saw you, you were pulling a wagon. Oh.
Tim: How old are you now? 
Dylan: I turn 18 next week.
Tim: Really? 18?
Susan: Julie, Dylan's here! Study time! I'm... sorry. That was probably a little louder than it needed to be.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Hospital – Carlos’ ward]
Carlos: Edie, is that you?
Edie: Oh, my god. You knew it was me just from the sound of my footsteps?
Carlos: No, from your perfume. I smelled it the moment you hit the parking lot.
Edie: Look, there's no reason to be pissy. I'm here to do something nice.
Carlos: Really?
Edie: I feel bad about the whole losing-all-of-your-money thing. Even though we know tornado-- clearly not my fault. Um...anyway, I-I thought maybe this...would help. It's the diamond bracelet you gave me. It must be worth thousands of dollars. Do you think you still have the receipt for it?
Carlos: Uh... I think I threw it out.
Edie: Oh. Well, you said it was from Cartier, right? I'm sure they have some sort of record. Carlos?
Carlos: Actually, the box was from Cartier. The bracelet's from...a swap meet.
Edie: Hold it. Are you saying that those diamonds are cubic zirconias?
Carlos: If we're lucky.
Edie: You son of a bitch. I gave you my heart, and all you could give me was fake jewelry?
Carlos: Edie...I'm sorry. I never thought you'd find out.
Edie: I just spat on one of your jell-o cubes. Happy hunting.

[Information desk]
Edie: Hey, you. Do you know how long it's gonna be until Carlos gets his sight back? Because I have a 2-word sentence I'd like to say to him, and there's a hand gesture that goes along with it.
Nurse Wilkins: I don't know. Mr. Solis' condition is very serious.
Edie: Serious? What's wrong?
Nurse Wilkins: Well...you know, you should really talk to the doctor about this. I don't even think his girlfriend knows.
Edie: You mean Gaby?
Nurse Wilkins: I'm sorry. I said too much already.
Edie: Oh, please don't tell me that's your lunch.
Nurse Wilkins: Yeah. I'm sort of on a budget.
Edie: No, no, no. if you're gonna give quality care, you're gonna need some quality food. Now I know of this great, little French bistro. It's the perfect place for lunch...and conversation.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Susan’s house – Julie’s room]
Julie: "Your father was murdered." Wow.
Dylan: I know.
Julie: Are you sure your aunt knew what she was writing? She was pretty sick. 
Dylan: No, she had it together, even on that last day. I remember Aunt Lily really wanted to tell me something, and then my mom just came in and stopped her.
Julie: Does your mom know you found this?
Dylan: No, and I'm not gonna tell her either. Why give her another chance to lie to me? That's why I'm going to Adam. I can trust him to tell me the truth.
Julie: I just don't get it. I mean, why would your mom lie about your dad being murdered?
Dylan: Are you serious? Julie...She's the one who killed him.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Hospital – Carlos’ ward]
Gabrielle: Hi, babe. I'm about to do something that's gonna make you very happy.
Carlos: Great, but close the curtain first. Last time, the nurse almost walked in when you were about to—
Gabrielle: Carlos! I have a priest with me.
Carlos: Priest? what, is there something the doctors aren't telling me?
Gabrielle: No, no, no. I wanted it to be a surprise, but we're getting married! Father, hit it.
Father Crowley: Dearly beloved, we are gathered here in the presence of—
Carlos: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Gaby, what's the rush?
Gabrielle: I don't know. Just after everything we've been through, there's nothing in our way now. We can finally be together. And I really need that. I need a happy ending, Carlos. So what do you say? Will you marry me?
Carlos: Okay.
Gabrielle: Holy matrimony. Bring it on.
Carlos: Gaby, before we get started, there's something that I need to tell you...in private.
Gabrielle: Okay, he's gone. What's up?
Carlos: Look, I haven't been completely honest with you about the extent of my injury.
Gabrielle: Okay.
Carlos: The doctor says...I might not get my sight back. For three months. four, tops. I-I just want to make sure that you can handle that.
Gabrielle: Wow. That's... a really long time. But for better or worse, right?
Carlos: Right.
Gabrielle: Okay, padre. We're ready. Let's take it from the top.
Father Crowley: Dearly beloved, we are gathered here in the sight of god to join this man and this woman in the holy sacrament of matrimony.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Susan’s house]
Tim: You're out of milk. You want me to pick some up?
Susan: No, that's okay. It can wait.
Tim: I don't mind. I could use a little air anyway.
Susan: Mm. Hmm. Mm. Tim! where's that milk?
Tim: Oh, I thought you didn't want any. uh...
Susan: I'm having a baby. I can't give birth with brittle bones. Go!
Dylan: Bye!
------------------------------------------------------------
[Lynette’s house- front door]
Lynette: Hey, church buddy. Look what I got.
Bree: Wow, you bought a Bible.
Lynette: Yeah, and I'm breaking her in tonight. Nothing like that new Bible smell.
Bree: Oh, so you're...coming to Bible study. 
Lynette: Yeah, and I hope the Reverend's ready, ‘cause I got about a zillion questions for him.
Bree: Lynette, I-I realize you don't have much experience with churches, so this really isn't your fault.
Lynette: What isn't my fault?
Bree: Well, last Sunday, when you kept raising your hand...We don't really do that. The church isn't a place for questions. It's a place for answers.
Lynette: Yeah, but how do you get the answers if you don't ask the questions?
Bree: Well, typically, we sit there and let the preacher preach, and eventually, our questions are answered, and no one is humiliated.
Lynette: I'm sorry. did I embarrass you on Sunday?
Bree: Well, it's just that in our church, people don't talk back to the minister.
Lynette: Well, what if I need to? What if that's the kind of church I'm looking for?
Bree: Well, then maybe you should explore other options. I mean, if you really enjoy talking ck to the pulpit, why don't you try that gospel church by the airport?
Lynette: Okay.
Bree: Or, uh, the Unitarians. From what I hear, those folks are "anything goes."
------------------------------------------------------------
[Hotel - Adam’s room]
Dylan: (answering machine) Hey, Adam. it's Dylan. I waited at your hotel all day, but you never came back. You have to call me. I found this note that Aunt Lily wrote. Mom threw it in the fireplace, but I fished it out, and I have to talk to you. Call me on my cell, not at home, 'cause I--
Katherine: She doesn't know anything. I can hear it in her voice.
Adam: But she's got the note. 
Katherine: Maybe a few burnt pieces. Trust me, all she's got are questions.
Adam: Well, I could, um, refuse to see her.
Katherine: Yeah, 'cause that won't arouse her suspicion. No. you are going to ask her to come here, and then you're going to find out exactly what she knows and what she doesn't.
Adam: After all these years, maybe it would be easier just to finally tell her the truth.
Katherine: And you would just wave good-bye as they cart me off to jail?
Adam: She wouldn't call the police. Seriously, I think you two have a great relationship.
Katherine: Ha. Then you have not been paying attention. Give me a chance to get home, then call her and set up a time for you two to meet. 
Adam: Okay.
Katherine: You know...when you called me tonight, I was half hoping you missed me.
Adam: Really?
Katherine: I miss you. I'm so terribly lonely. You know I don't do well on my own. Is there any chance we could...get past this, and you could come back home?
Adam: I will talk to Dylan. I will provide you one last alibi. After that, I'm done.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Susan’s house]
Tim: Are you guys outta here? 
Bree: Yes, I'm gonna run some errands, and Orson's gonna take Benjamin to the park.
Orson: Actually, I thought I might take him to the museum. You know how much Benjamin loves Matisse.
Bree: Benjamin doesn't love Matisse. he loves purple. Oh. Please stop trying to turn our son into an intellectual. 
Orson: Mm. If you saw how her first two turned out, you'd understand how important it is for me to fight the Van de Kamp D.N.A.

Tim: (on ohone) Hey, it's Tim. It was great seeing you the other day. Yeah, I can't stop thinking about you either. So listen, um, I've got the whole place to myself. You wanna come over?
------------------------------------------------------------
[Outside Gabrielle’s house]
Edie: Hey, Gaby. I heard you and Carlos got married yesterday. Guess this means you win.
Gabrielle: Oh, Edie, it wasn't a competition, but, yeah, I guess I did.
Edie: Yeah, but I think it's all for the best. I mean, after all, I could have never been the hero that you're about to be.
Gabrielle: Hero? Why am I a hero?
Edie: Committing your life to a man who's blind? My god, you're gonna have to do everything for him--dress him, shave him, lead him to the bathroom, pray that his aim is halfway decent.
Gabrielle: It's not a big deal. Carlos is gonna get his sight back in three months. Four, tops.
Edie: Is that what he told you? You poor, gullible fool.
Gabrielle: What are you talking about?
Edie: I hate to be the one to tell you this, but I talked to the nurse, and she said that his condition is...Oh, what's the word? Um...oh, yeah. Permanent.
Gabrielle: I don't believe you.
Edie: Call the doctor if you'd like. And apparently, he was begging Carlos to tell you.
Gabrielle: No. no, no, no. This can't be true.
Edie: Look on the bright side. Women who are married to blind guys don't have to worry about makeup or getting fat. Are you sure you didn't already know about this?
Gabrielle: Okay, I'm calling Dr. Dunlap.
Edie: You do that. Oh, and by the way, congrats on your big win.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Mike’s therapy room]
Julie: So how's your occupational therapy going? Do they still have you scrubbing pots in the kitchen?
Mike: No, no. Once they found out I'm a professional plumber, I got promoted to scrubbing toilets. 
Susan: Mm, well, maybe you won't mind doing a little scrubbing when you come home next week. 
Mike: Actually, the doctors kinda frown on that. They encourage us to leave that sort of stuff behind.
Susan: Well, it doesn't have to be toilets. I mean, it could be sinks, bathtubs.
Mike: You're making me wanna use, Susan. This junkie thing's awesome. 
Susan: Oh, I forgot. Uh, Tim has some questions about the taxes. Do you mind talking to him? 
Mike: No, I don't mind. Though I can't believe he'd have any trouble with your cookie tin filing system.
Tim: (on phone) Hello? 
Susan: (on phone) Hey, uh, Tim, I've got Mike here. Do you want to talk to him?
Tim: (on phone) Uh, can I do that later? I'm sort of taking a nap.
Susan: (on phone) What was that? Is someone there?
Tim: (on phone) What? No. no. Unh-unh. No--no one's here.
Susan: (on phone) Really? ‘Cause it sounded like a girl.
Tim: (on phone) No, uh, it--it was just the TV.
Tim: (on phone) I thought you were taking a nap.
Tim: (on phone) Uh, the TV helps me sleep. Uh, tell Mike I'll call him later.
Susan: I've gotta go.
Mike: What? What? You just got here.
Susan: I know, but this visit was really more for Julie.
Julie: For me? 
Susan: Yeah, you're going to college soon, and I want him to tell you about the dangers of drugs. Scare her straight, Mike.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Gabrielle’s house - kitchen]
Carlos: Honey, you down here?
Gabrielle: Yes, sweetheart. I'm in the kitchen making dinner.
Carlos: Mmm. Smells good.
Gabrielle: It's a new recipe for beef stew. I think you're gonna love it.
Carlos: Why don't we let that simmer? During my nap, I had the filthiest little dream. I was kinda hoping maybe we could...
Gabrielle: Skip straight to dessert?
Carlos: Yeah. What do you say?
Gabrielle: I'd say I'm one step ahead of you. I have already slipped into my pink lace teddy, and I'm wearing those whorey pumps that you love.
Carlos: Ooh, I like that image. Where are you?
Gabrielle: I'm right here, babe.
Carlos: Ow!
Gabrielle: Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot that was open. Let's do it over here, on the table.
Carlos: Can you give me a hand?
Gabrielle: Can't. my legs are in the air. Just follow the sound of my voice. There you go. I'm over here, sweetie.
Carlos: Whoa! Uhh! Son of a bitch!
Gabrielle: Ooh, I meant to move that. Hang on. Let me just pull my panties up so I can help you. Okay. Here. Let's go do it over here.
Carlos: Aah! Damn it! What the hell is going on?!
Gabrielle: I'll tell you what's going on. "In three months. Four, tops."
Carlos: Uh-oh.
Gabrielle: "Uh-oh" is right, you blind bastard!
Carlos: Ow! All right, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have lied! 
Gabrielle: Oh, no, no. I think it was a fantastic plan. I mean, there's no way I ever would have figured out that I was married to a permanently blind guy!
Carlos: Ow! All right, I just thought that by the time you did, you'd be used to the idea, and maybe then you wouldn't leave me.
Gabrielle: Leave you? Do you really think I'm that shallow?
Carlos: Gaby, I'm poor and I'm blind, and let's face it. There is nothing about that that is your type.
Gabrielle: Wow. thanks for the vote of confidence. Y-yes, the truth would have freaked me out, but I would have come around. If you had just had a little faith in me, I could have proven to you that I was up for the challenge, but you robbed me of that chance. 
Carlos: I'm sorry.
Gabrielle: Good. To avoid future confusion, I love you, and I want to spend the rest of my life with you.
Carlos: Gaby, this is not going to be easy.
Gabrielle: I know, but like I said, "For better or for worse."
Carlos: Think you can forgive me?
Gabrielle: I'll work on it.
Carlos: While you're working on it, mind if I dig into some of that stew?
Gabrielle: Sure.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Susan’s house]
Susan: Ugh! Get off that poor girl right now!
Tim: I finished your taxes.
Susan: What the hell is going on here? 
Katherine: Susan, I'm so sorry.
Susan: No, Katherine, I know what you've been going through emotionally, so you don't have to apologize. And by the way, your boob is out. 
Katherine: Oh.
Susan: You, on the other hand—
Tim: I know. I know.
Susan: I don't understand you. Is this something you do? You worm your way into a neighborhood with the promise of free tax preparation, and then you jump on the nearest middle-aged divorce? 
Katherine: Hey!
Tim: It's not like that. She came over for some drinks, and we got to talking and started reminiscing, and all these old feelings came rushing back.
Susan: Oh, nice try, Timmy. Like I'm really going to believe that. Shame on you. just... shame! What do you mean, "old feelings"?
Katherine: Do we really need to get into this?
Susan: What do you have to reminisce about? He was here for a week when he was 16. What could you two have even...Oh, my god, you slept together.
Katherine: Okay, before you get some sordid image in your head—
Tim: She took my virginity.
Katherine: Do you have to say it like that?
Tim: That's how I said it to every single guy at band camp.
Susan: Shame on you! His mother trusted me to take care of him, and you swoop in like some swooping, sex-craved--Oh, for god sakes, Tim! pull up the blanket!
Tim: You can't blame it on Katherine. I knew exactly what I was doing.
Susan: I don't want to hear this. I'm done with both of you. If anybody needs me, I'll be at the mall...buying sheets.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Church - door]
Reverend Sikes: Good morning. I'll see you after service.
Bree: Oh! good morning, Reverend. I brought your favorite-- blueberry scones.
Reverend Sikes: Thank you, Bree. By the way, I'm sorry I've taken so long to make a decision about the ladies' auxiliary.
Bree: Oh, is that happening now? I'd forgotten all about it.
Reverend Sikes: So is your, uh, delightful neighbor coming? The one with all the questions?
Bree: Delightful? I thought she annoyed you.
Reverend Sikes: No, I found her refreshing. It's like I always say. Church is not a place for answers. It's a place for questions.
Bree: You don't say that. I've--I've never heard you say that, not once. 
Reverend Sikes: Yes, well, anyway, I want to thank you for taking the initiative. New members are crucial to the health of this church. I won't forget you brought them... or these.
Bree: Thank you, Reverend, and I'm--I'm sure the Scavos will be here soon.
Orson: Why did you just say that? You know very well they went to Catholic church.
Bree: Which is just down the street. I'll be right back.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Catholic Church]
Bree: Psst! Not you. Lynette.
Lynette: What are you doing here?
Bree: I was gonna ask the same of you. Why are you in a catholic church?
Tom: Because we're catholic. 
Bree: Oh, please. Mowing your lawn in a Notre dame sweatshirt doesn't make you catholic. You're Presbyterian now. Come on. Let's go.
Lynette: Weren't you the one who said I should explore other churches?
Bree: I meant sample, like a buffet. You take a little plate of everything, and then you sit down for the main course, which is across the street...at the presbyterian church.
Lynette: No. I just put 10 bucks in the collection plate, and I'm gonna get my money's worth. 
Father Crowley: Is there a problem?
Bree: No, no problem. Just talking to my friend. 
Nun: She's trying to poach her.
Bree: I am not! My friend's just a little confused. She forgot that she's Presbyterian and wandered into the wrong church. 
Lynette: I'm not Presbyterian. I'm a free agent. And if you're open to a little Q and A, you've got me.
Bree: Lynette, please. Can't we just go outside and talk for a moment?

[Outside the church]
Lynette: Okay, what gives?
Bree: Well, I was at the service this morning, and it's just not the same without you. 
Lynette: Bree...
Bree: And I am... up for the head of the Ladies' Auxiliary, and Reverend Sykes was so impressed that I brought a new family into church, so...if you don't come back, then--
Lynette: Oh, then you won't get what you want? 
Bree: Well, yes.
Lynette: Well, forget it. Let someone else help you with your power grab.
Bree: Lynette! You were the one who came to me. you sought me out.
Lynette: Yes, and do you know why? Because out of all my friends, you are the one who had real faith. You had an actual relationship with god. At least, that's what I thought.
Bree: Lynette--
Lynette: Because I have had a rough few months. okay? But I know you've had rough times, too, and I always assumed that your faith had helped you get through them. I envied you that, to be honest.
Bree: It did. It did help me.
Lynette: Really? Okay. How?
Bree: It just did.
Lynette: Well, that's not a good answer. I have been through cancer and a tornado, and I don't know why I survived, and so many other people didn't. I don't understand, and I need to.
Bree: Lynette, why didn't you tell me?
Lynette: Why didn't you ask? Oh, that's right. You don't like asking questions.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Outside Lynette’s house]
Bree: Hey, Lynette.
Lynette: Hi there.
Bree: Just... wanted to tell you that I'm out of the running for the Ladies' Auxiliary. I told Reverend Sykes to, uh, give it to Edna Fletcher. She was in the Peace Corps, you know.
Lynette: Huh. that's nice of you.
Bree: I suppose. I just wanted to let you know that. And also to... apologize.
Lynette: Oh, you don't have to do that.
Bree: Yes, I do. you were right. Faith shouldn't be blind. You don't threaten it by asking questions. You make it stronger, and I lost sight of that.
Lynette: Well, maybe a little.
Bree: And it meant a lot that you came to me for guidance, and...I'm sorry that I wasn't there for you. I want you to have faith in me and our friendship.
Lynette: Well...there are some things that are easy to believe in.
Bree: How's Catholicism going, by the way?
Lynette: Meh.
Bree: Well, if you ever wanna try us again...
Lynette: Oh, well, I'm pretty comfortable with the Catholics. They're the only ones who don't judge me for having so many kids.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Susan’s house]
Susan: Hey.
Tim: Hey.
Susan: Okay, so I have to ask. This thing that happened with you and Katherine 12 years ago--Was it an ongoing affair?
Tim: No. no, it was just the one time, and I think she felt pretty guilty about it afterwards. She told me not to come around anymore.
Susan: So you didn't go back?
Tim: It's weird. I tried to. It was the last night of my visit. I thought if I brought her some flowers, maybe I could get something going, you know? But when I got up to the front door, I heard all this yelling. 
Wayne: ...say good night to my daughter.
Katherine: She is asleep. Get the hell out. 
Tim: I went around to the window just to get a look at what was going on…
Wayne: Remember? She's my daughter! I'm her father! 
Tim: And I could see she was having a fight with someone. I was about to rush in and help her when I saw Katherine pick up this candlestick and just wail on him. He went down pretty hard. Katherine was just standing over him with this look in her eye. It scared the hell out of me, so I got out of there. I left the next morning and never talked to Katherine again.
Susan: So... this man-- who do you think it was?
Tim: Don't know. I sort of got the impression he was her ex-husband. Does she ever talk about him?
Susan: Not really.
Tim: Mm. have you seen him lately?
Susan: No.
------------------------------------------------------------
[Hotel – Adam’s room]
Dylan: Ever since I can remember, I've had this feeling that something's not right. Weird dreams that don't seem like dreams at all. People telling me I forgot things that I know I would've remembered. And now finally, I find a sentence on a piece of paper...that could explain all of it and prove that I am not crazy. And the best that you can come up with is that aunt lily was losing it and she didn't know what she was writing? I need the truth, Adam. Please. Please.
Adam: The truth, Dylan...is that...your mother didn't kill your father. And she loves you more than you will ever know.

Mary Alice Voiceover: Faith is a belief in something that cannot be proven. So we trust in the words of the only father we've ever known. We believe the promises of the woman who shares our bed. We rely on the example of dear friends who help us to be better people. Yes, we all want to believe in those we are closest to, but where there is doubt, our faith begins to vanish... and fear rushes in to take its place.
~The End~


